Inspired by the tens of thousands marching all around the nation to #keepfamiliestogether. We demand an end to this inhumane policy, and that these children be reunited with their parents immediately. #FamiliesBelongTogether https://t.co/dOto1HgGBFIt’s only been 3 weeks, but Scott Pruitt has already generated enough new scandals for a new verse:

🎵When the Post writes,
When the IG digs,
When the tweets are mad,

I simply get tickets and “tactical pants,” 
And then I don’t feel so bad! 🎵Horrified by the shooting at the Capital Gazette in Annapolis, and thinking of those who were killed and injured.

Journalists do vital work to tell stories that must be told and hold power accountable. They’ve earned our respect and our thanks. And now our prayers. https://t.co/C4WXddydxlHere’s my message to House Republicans: 

Wake up. Do your job.

You swore an oath to the Constitution, not to this President. Your job is oversight, not to help Trump’s legal defense. 

These attacks on our justice system must end. https://t.co/0sWIri73hFWell, I guess if Russia continues to deny interference in our election, that resolves the matter. Make way Reagan, for the Trump Doctrine: Trust, but never verify.

Verification is for losers. https://t.co/R9Uvnzu25WMcConnell held a Supreme Court seat open for a year, insisting no Justice be confirmed in an election year without voters having a say. This was a terrible precedent but one he will need to live with. Dem Senators must insist — absolutely no confirmation until after the midterm.Another effort by Paul Manafort to challenge the legality of the Special Counsel’s investigation has failed. Could it be because the charges are well founded and Mueller is well within his jurisdiction? https://t.co/u99HIVEKjrDecision to uphold Muslim Ban is deeply disappointing and gives scant weight to @POTUS’s explicit statements about its impermissible intent. We must fight for our national values, which are threatened by Trump's actions and the historically conservative court now upholding them.Erdogan “won” reelection in Turkey this weekend only by decimating the opposition through arrests, violence and squashing freedom of the press.

Turkey's descent into autocracy is another reminder that democracy is under assault worldwide.

DO NOT CONGRATULATE.The horror of family separation may be “Trump’s Katrina” and the images of stricken children the crucible that forges a lasting impression of this malevolent administration. But Katrina was a natural disaster made worse by human error. This tragedy was man-made from the start.Mr. President, we won’t turn our back on those fleeing violence and persecution. We won’t stop offering asylum. We won’t give up our values of generosity and compassion. Immigrants helped build this country, and understand its ideals better, apparently, than you do. https://t.co/h3WENxUcIeRussian troll accounts were still active on Twitter as recently as this year, interfering in our politics. We will continue to expose this malign online activity so Americans can see first-hand the tools Russia uses to divide us: https://t.co/OQvJ9VpT9xCelebrating my birthday today with my staff who made me some "Liddle” cupcakes! https://t.co/KX2fUt1FZqSecretary Nielsen privately told lawmakers the Administration may go back to separating children from their parents. Congress must ensure that NEVER happens. I'm urging the House Appropriations Committee to prevent funds from ever being used to separate families entering the US: https://t.co/JzZu58AUOfGiuliani just revealed that Trump’s supposed willingness to testify to Mueller is a charade.

Only a subpoena is likely to bring about a timely interview with the President whose lawyers fear is either incapable of telling the truth, or that the truth is far too incriminating. https://t.co/XQxQPADA5LSeparating children from their families is inhumane. 

Jailing families indefinitely is also not the answer. 

What we want is a smart immigration policy, characterized by 
human decency.

And a President who knows right from wrong. https://t.co/1H7RSHKvMaFirst, Trump created a crisis by repealing DACA, and threatened to deport DREAMErs if he didn’t get his wall.

Next, he created a crisis by separating children from their parents, and held them hostage.

This nightmare isn’t over. And it won’t be over until his presidency is.No, @SecNielsen did not do a “fabulous job,” she just repeated the falsehoods you have told to justify the indefensible treatment of these families. She has lost her credibility, and a DHS Secretary that cannot be relied upon by the country has no value. She should step down. https://t.co/mAxAz1w26NSenate voted to reinstate sanctions on Chinese telecom firm ZTE — now the House should do the same. The President prioritized Chinese jobs over our national security, but Congress doesn’t have to go along with that. @SpeakerRyan, do your job. https://t.co/n78jnwpBJCThank you Laura Bush for speaking out. I know there’s great reluctance among former Presidents and First Ladies to comment on the current President. But this Administration’s family separation policy is so abhorrent &amp; antithetical to our values that all Americans must condemn it. https://t.co/f6xWxEqKMtStone’s testimony appears inaccurate or deliberately misleading. Similarly, Caputo omitted interacting with a Russian offering dirt on Clinton. It could not plausibly have escaped his recollection. 

Majority continues to block release of transcripts to Mueller to protect Trump. https://t.co/vfPEMsvRCnWhile we celebrate and appreciate the dads in our lives today, let’s remember that not all families are able to spend #FathersDay together. This Administration’s policy of separating children and families at the border is cruel and inhumane. #FamiliesBelongTogetherTrump is using the grief, tears, and pain of these kids as mortar to build his wall, and extort a bill to his liking in Congress.

And by accepting the President’s many falsehoods about what is required to end this policy, the GOP in Congress has become the party of lies. https://t.co/2XmSaFRoPmThe President says it's irrelevant whether he lied about dictating Don Jr.'s statement on the Trump Tower meeting, because he was just being dishonest with the public.

No wonder he is trying to dodge answering Special Counsel Mueller's questions, when he would be under oath. https://t.co/zJaO6n5PbuThe Administration's policy of separating parents from their kids is an unnecessary and deliberate cruelty. Have you seen the images of these devastated children? Heard the story of the devastated father who took his own life? This is not the America we know &amp; love. It must stop. https://t.co/K31A5vqfbvNo deep state. No secret society. No anti-Trump cabal at the FBI. No evidence that political bias influenced decisions in the Clinton probe. No indication that Comey’s errors of judgment did anything but help the Trump Campaign. 

No vindication for the President.The IG report highlights the impropriety of sharing information on pending investigations with Congress in a manner likely to be made public, an ongoing concern given GOP attempts to obtain information about the Russia probe that can be used by President’s lawyers and surrogates. https://t.co/pMzhw3x4DHLawsuit against Trump Foundation for using charity money for campaign purposes highlights need to follow the money in Russia probe. 

If Trump family would misuse charitable donations for its financial or political benefit, would it hesitate to launder Russian money to same end? https://t.co/tLZSidMiu1The Saudi/UAE-backed offensive on the port city of Hudaydah – Yemen’s remaining commercial and humanitarian lifeline – only risks deepening the human suffering in Yemen. The Trump Administration must exert its influence to prevent this further military escalation and save lives: https://t.co/aGBjKCjnUIToday, Trump was asked about Kim Jong-Un’s history of executing political opponents. Trump defended Kim by saying he was “a tough guy.”

Trump can’t conceal his admiration for despots, or his disdain for democratic leaders like Justin Trudeau. And still, Republicans stay silent.The GOP failed to destroy the Affordable Care Act in Congress, so now Trump Admin will use the courts. Shockingly, they seek to gut protections for preexisting conditions, something they swore to defend.

Have they no experience with serious illness, no empathy for those who do? https://t.co/WMIBe4yMIwOne trip and it's "mission accomplished," Mr. President? North Korea still has all its nuclear missiles, and we only got a vague promise of future denuclearization from a regime that can't be trusted.

North Korea is a real and present threat. So is a dangerously naive president. https://t.co/dufG8rVHsLOpen lines of communication are always preferable to the possibility of military conflict, particularly nuclear war. An objective assessment of the result of the summit with North Korea, however, reveals dangerous concessions by Trump, and no new commitment or specifics by Kim: https://t.co/GADmsHNqPX#NetNeutrality protections end today because House Republicans refused to act. Congress still has the power to restore a free and open Internet for all.
 
I signed the discharge petition to force a vote. Call your Representative and ask them to do the same: 202-224-3121.To my Republican colleagues:

How long will you remain silent as President Trump lays ruin to our alliances and tears apart the very fabric of our democracy?

Patriots do not stand mute when our country is in jeopardy, no matter what party occupies the White House.Today, and every day, we reaffirm that LGBT rights are human rights, that love is love, and that we must continue to fight for equality for all. Happy #Pride! https://t.co/pGR8Slmv92List of allies Trump has purposefully alienated: Canada, Britain, France, Germany, Australia, Mexico, most of Southern Hemisphere, all of Africa...

List of adversaries Trump has purposefully praised or courted: Russia and North Korea.

List of foreign policy successes:Yes, Mr. President, something happened to get Russia kicked out of G8: It invaded its neighbor and still occupies parts of Ukraine. May seem like a small matter to you or like ancient history (only four years ago), but it‘s a big deal to anyone who aspires to lead the free world. https://t.co/TfPohQVcZ3The Trump Doctrine: Alienate our friends and embrace our enemies, condemn democratic governments and extol dictators, renounce global leadership and isolate America.

His vision of our country is not a shining city on a hill, but a dark and lonely victim of the world’s treachery.Today’s superseding indictment alleging Konstantin Kilimnik worked with Paul Manafort to obstruct justice not only deepens Manafort’s legal peril, it shows that Trump’s former campaign chair worked with a Russian with reported ties to Russian intelligence to subvert U.S. law.🎵 ”My Favorite Things” by Scott Pruitt:

Ritz-Carlton lotion and a
Trump Hotel mattress,

Kevlar car seats and
Chick-fil-A® Nuggets,

First class to Morocco 
and a cheap DC condo,

These are a few of my favorite things! 🎵

(Apologies to the von Trapp family)The Iran deal that you withdrew from took 15 months to negotiate. North Korea is even more complex, with numerous warheads hidden in the most closed nation in the world.

We want you to have a successful summit, Mr. President. This is too important for you to “wing it.” https://t.co/P6vEpuHHjgThe President just caved on a deal with ZTE, a Chinese company that our intelligence professionals say poses a national security threat. Is the President so desperate for a deal — any deal — that he is willing to put Chinese jobs ahead of our national security? https://t.co/0AtvxUVNHcSeparating children from their parents as a “deterrent” is a deliberate cruelty. Pretending the law requires it is cowardly nonsense. You own this horrific policy. https://t.co/tmzfkHoDoIPresident Nixon asked the Department of Justice if he could pardon himself. They said no, as no one may be the judge in their own case. He resigned three days later. 

In case you want to follow the Nixon model, that would be Thursday. https://t.co/5ntHaySTBJFirst, we’re told there were no meetings with Russians. Then, we’re told Trump had no part in drafting the false Trump Tower statement. Then, we’re told he weighed in. Now, we’re told he dictated it. Not a word can be trusted of Trump or his staff on Russia, or perhaps anything. https://t.co/wEFoytdNG4The President’s legal arguments would render whole sections of the Constitution moot, and allow a president to engage in any form of criminality and obstruct an investigation into his own wrongdoing. Nobody is above the law. Not this President. Not any president. https://t.co/DKpZizrpKlPower to pardon or commute sentences can be used to right injustices, like Matthew Charles who served twenty years and is being sent back to prison over a technicality. Or ... it can be used for a fellow TV personality convicted of obstruction of justice. https://t.co/wp9j3wvrgMAbuse of power continues with pardon of conservative activist who broke campaign finance laws by hiding donations over the legal limit, not unlike concealment of Stormy Daniels payment. @POTUS says unfair. Why, because he was caught? Trying to send a message to Michael Cohen? https://t.co/j8G2hZ8QSQ.@PressSec yesterday: "The President has been...focused on North Korea, he’s focused on trade deals, he’s focused on rebuilding our military, the economy and that’s what he’s spending his time on - not responding to other things."

@POTUS today: Back to his usual focus - himself. https://t.co/eBbvP7S8dCThe evidence that President Trump sought to interfere with the Russia investigation continues to mount. If Trump tried to have Sessions reinsert himself in the Russia probe so that his loyalist could improperly influence its findings, it is more proof of a corrupt intent. https://t.co/CWEeOKbHnMOn Memorial Day, we honor those who made the ultimate sacrifice defending our country.

To the men and women in uniform, to all who have served or continue to serve this nation, and to their families and loved ones, thank you. https://t.co/a7pO0OJKtZIt begins by seeding the ground with a falsehood: "They spied on the Trump campaign." It's then promoted by the President, who echoes the falsehood. Then his allies call to investigate the falsehood.

This is how propaganda works. It is also how democracy dies, one lie at a time.Terrified children are being separated from their parents pursuant to your Administration’s policy, Mr. President. You have power to stop it.

Do you really think our nation can’t see how you use their suffering as mortar for your wall? Have you no shame, no sense of decency? https://t.co/2KKTy7iPjpIt is one thing to imagine a fictional world. It is another to repeatedly assert that something imagined is real. The first is the realm of the novelist. The second is that of a demagogue. https://t.co/ofhIb5QF2aEmmet Flood’s presence and statement at the outset of both meetings today was completely inappropriate, and I told him so. It only underscores what Rudy Giuliani said: the President’s legal team expects to improperly obtain and use such information for their defense.Nothing we heard today has changed our view that there is no evidence to support any allegation that the FBI or any intelligence agency placed a “spy” in the Trump Campaign, or otherwise failed to follow appropriate procedures and protocols. Our statement: https://t.co/5yPuIaMDnlFalse statements about wiretaps at Trump Tower.

False statements about unmasking.

False statesments about a political spy in the Trump campaign.

False statements about the Mueller investigation that has indicted the President’s top staff.

It’s not spy-gate, only lie-gate.There’s a reason why this is the most scandal-plagued Administration in modern history. When you combine an unethical President with one-party rule, it is an invitation to ruin. Power corrupts, and Trump’s absolute power has corrupted all too absolutely.The White House has directed the DOJ and FBI to hold a partisan briefing on infomation the President wants given to his allies in Congress. No Democrats allowed.

This is another serious abuse of power. There’s a bipartisan mechanism called the Gang of 8. They need to use it.Alarming to see that the Secretary charged with protecting the 2018 elections claims not to have read the intelligence on the 2016 elections.

If she had, she would have seen the specific evidence the Russians sought to help Trump, a finding now affirmed on a bipartisan basis. https://t.co/HgsDG5ahxmThis statement raises two serious concerns:

First, if these are same materials DOJ warned could risk lives and investigations, why share them now? 

Second, is Kelly attending? The President must not abuse his power to obtain investigatory materials for his legal defense team. https://t.co/aedjJ3rDlzGiuliani removes all doubt – the White House effort to force DOJ to give investigatory materials to Congress is really about the defense team getting their hands on them. If the President is charged with a crime, he has a right to see the evidence. Not before. https://t.co/HfzzdZ894dTrump’s claim of an embedded “spy” is nonsense. His “demand” DOJ investigate something they know to be untrue is an abuse of power, and an effort to distract from his growing legal problems. Never mind that DOJ has warned that lives and alliances are at risk. He doesn’t care. https://t.co/c1itPmiHnvHorrified by the shooting in Santa Fe that took the lives of 9 students and a teacher. Their families, hundreds of students and teachers who witnessed this tragedy will never be the same.

We must act to keep our schools and our children safe. Words of condolence are not enough.Clearly, we have been taking the Science Committee’s understanding of climate change for granite. And while I appreciate the sediment, maybe we should leave climate science to the professionals. https://t.co/M4IDy4pENJWhen Mueller was appointed, Democrats and Republicans promised to defend his independence.

Now, one year in, Republicans in the House are working desperately to discredit Mueller, DOJ, and FBI.

We must let him do his work. The rule of law depends on it.Just introduced a bill requiring any Executive Branch spending at Trump-owned businesses, like golf courses and hotels, be disclosed to the public. Americans deserve to see how their tax dollars are being used to enrich the nation’s chief executive and his family. https://t.co/UWhTB7yiQqMurderers, rapists, and animals. This is how the President views undocumented immigrants. These degrading words are also how despots around the world dehumanize those they persecute. 

The only protection? A vigilant citizenry and the rule of law. https://t.co/hSATf0OxCVThe American people have made clear they want a free and open internet, without fast lanes and slow lanes. 

It’s time for Congress to listen. The Senate just voted to save #NetNeutrality. 

There is no excuse. @SpeakerRyan must schedule a vote. Now.The Senate Judiciary Committee just released the transcripts of interviews about the Trump Tower meeting.
 
We tried to release ALL our transcripts but were blocked repeatedly by Republicans.
 
The public deserves to see them and judge for themselves. Release the transcripts.China backs Trump project in Indonesia to tune of $500 million. Trump backs China with fix for ZTE, a company that has cheated on Iran and North Korea sanctions and poses a cyber threat to U.S.

Today’s swamp level: White House now completely submerged. 

https://t.co/5Scaub3vWOIt’s Sunday and that means Eve is playing piano. It’s Mother’s Day and that means she is playing even more piano. Happy Mother’s Day to all the amazing moms out there! https://t.co/3rXiQ1CI8uOur intelligence agencies have warned that ZTE technology and phones pose a major cyber security threat. You should care more about our national security than Chinese jobs. https://t.co/7Ygh7805jgTrump Administration holds up merger involving parent company of CNN, whose coverage Trump hates, while Trump’s lawyer secretly takes $600,000 to “advise” on the same merger.

Swamp level today: Overflowing. https://t.co/T3jXkDCPknThere is no law enforcement or other legitimate basis for separating children from their parents at the border. It is simply cruel. Imagine the terror of a young child in a strange land, pried away from his or her parents. What ever happened to compassion or family values? https://t.co/dcZtkMbamXBy exposing these Russian-created Facebook advertisements, we hope to better protect legitimate political expression and safeguard Americans from having the information they seek polluted by foreign adversaries. Sunlight is always the best disinfectant.They sought to harness Americans’ very real frustrations and anger over sensitive political matters to influence our thinking, voting and behavior. They created online communities that appeared organic and American, but were really run by a troll farm in St. Petersburg: https://t.co/8NabLfv6goRussia sought to divide us by our race, our country of origin, our religion, and our politics. They attempted to hijack legitimate events meant to do good – teaching self-defense, providing legal aid – as well as those events meant to widen a rift.
 
Here's just some examples: https://t.co/YMX2FTgPGURussia sought to weaponize social media to drive a wedge between Americans, and in an attempt to sway the 2016 election. They created fake accounts, pages and communities to push divisive online content and videos, and to mobilize real Americans. 
 
Here's how: https://t.co/JqKSm5saAiLast year, the bipartisan leadership of the House Intel Committee made a promise to the American people to publicly release the Facebook advertisements used by the Kremlin-linked Internet Research Agency.
 
Today, the Minority is fulfilling that promise: https://t.co/zsZXLIavp1VP Pence has now brought his sycophancy to a whole new level. With questions concerning which senior transition officials were aware of Flynn’s secret talks w/ Russian Ambassador still unanswered and new revelations every day, investigation must continue without his interference. https://t.co/gXFdZVc15hThe President’s assault on freedom of the press continues as he threatens the credentials of reporters who expose his malfeasance. America must be vigilant: A people loses its freedom not by sudden approach, but by steps so small it doesn’t see tyranny coming. https://t.co/LLSsX8dNhnVery pleased to hear of the release of three Americans from North Korea. The North Korean regime has long used hostage taking to gain leverage over the United States. I hope and pray these will be the last Americans to face detention or torture in North Korea.Decision to withdraw from #IranDeal will undermine our national security, increase prospect of a nuclear Iran or a conflict with them, and cause the world to conclude America doesn't keep its word. Scuttling the deal without a Plan B is not a strategy, but a dangerous abdication: https://t.co/QMzc9z1z2JGiuliani’s embarrassing effort to explain what Trump knew and when he knew it, is a useful reminder that no one who works with the President leaves with an improved reputation for integrity or truthfulness. Why are so many willing to debase themselves for a seat at Trump’s table?Pulling out of Iran Deal with no Plan B makes conflict with Iran more likely and means that America can’t be counted on to keep its word. It‘s also exactly the wrong move as we enter negotiations with North Korea.

I asked the Intel Community to provide an assessment to Congress: https://t.co/o70e6Z2PL8Given all the secret meetings with the Russians, the denials, the false statements, and the guilty pleas, your attacks on the Republican, respected, decorated, Vietnam Veteran running the investigation could not be more false, or transparent. https://t.co/spipVhx6uJWhat Kellyanne Conway and Sarah Huckabee Sanders are doing — taking the President’s abundant falsehoods and trying to weave them into some alternate “truth” — is corrosive to our democracy and among the most destructive features of this Administration.While President Trump can't be charged with lying to the American people, his false statements about hush money payments can be used as evidence that the President knew he was violating campaign finance laws. False statements are often powerful proof of a consciousness of guilt. https://t.co/zlflggKPU3President Trump must comply with any subpoena from Special Counsel Mueller, and if Trump’s legal team tries to fight that in court, they are going to lose. https://t.co/hNIDRPy7UoLiftoff for @NASAInSight! Their mission: to look at Mars' inner core for clues to its past, measure seismic activity and explore whether the planet has any underground water reservoirs. https://t.co/TyP3layOfNTrump: I didn’t know about any hush money.
Cohen: He didn’t know.
Guliani: Of course he knew.
Trump: He doesn’t know.
Cohen: Who doesn’t know?
Trump: Guiliani!  Guliani: Trump!
Cohen: No one can fix this.Donald Trump is out championing the idea of his own impeachment to rally his supporters — let him. Democrats should keep their focus on the economy and a return to decency. Let the investigations run their course before reaching any conclusion. https://t.co/Zt4dW12MysIt was not so long ago that President Trump was endorsing gun safety reforms and saying GOP Congress was “scared” of the NRA. Now he’s going to kiss the NRA ring again, and back away from reforms to save lives. Another complete capitulation. https://t.co/nfOGFAa8P0For a former U.S. Attorney like Giuliani to call the FBI “stormtroopers” and urge the Attorney General to investigate the DOJ, shows there is no limit to the destruction the President’s allies will wreak to protect him and their place at the seat of power. https://t.co/n7is2RIfwTThe President and his allies in Congress fool no one. @POTUS has no interest in DOJ records apart from the light they shed on his exposure. Trump allies want a fight with the DOJ so he can justify firing Rosenstein. And @SpeakerRyan watches on and does nothing. https://t.co/lx9V0jNBrJMr. President, you are getting poor legal advice from Mr. diGenova. The fact that you can fire someone doesn’t mean you can fire them for a corrupt purpose. No one is above the law. https://t.co/kjFe796Li7Ignoring the reporting requirement for civilian casualties is a terrible decision. I introduced a bill in 2014 to make it mandatory, and unfortunately this shows why executive action is not enough. We must be transparent and accountable about use of lethal force. https://t.co/Y5wTzjRxqbIf you’re not concerned, Sarah Huckabee Sanders, why won’t the President agree to an interview with Bob Mueller? His protestations of “no collusion, no obstruction” would be more convincing if he wasn’t trying to dodge answering questions under oath. https://t.co/Hl87a3Fp8bPresident Trump is looking for someone to blame for Ronny Jackson’s failed VA nomination, but the truth is that the President nominated someone with no relevant experience for one of the toughest, most important jobs in America. That alone is malpractice.It appears that terrorists in Kabul targeted the media who rushed to the scene of a bombing, killing nine reporters. Simply monstrous.

Every day, journalists all over the world risk their lives to expose the truth, hold those in power accountable, and make democracy possible. https://t.co/Hfs6wla38sOk, Mr. President, let me see if I follow: Putin tells Veselnitskaya to admit she was aiding the Kremlin during her secret meeting with your son, so Russia can further implicate itself in colluding with your campaign, because ... you’re too tough for him? https://t.co/WsLMGMPR9DBefore @POTUS hangs up the “Mission Accomplished” banner, he needs to realize North Korea has long a history of vacillating between confrontation and conciliation. We must seize this opportunity to test whether North Korea is serious, but we need to go in with our eyes wide open. https://t.co/NJzDwPHHwpWe have an affordable housing crisis, and yet the Administration wants to triple rent for some of the most vulnerable Americans, right after passing a massive tax cut for the wealthy and corporations. Congress must reject this proposal. https://t.co/ZR1DUSu0kR3.) In light of the testimony of Cambridge Analytica whistleblower Christopher Wylie in our investigation this week, as well as statements from Facebook, Cambridge Analytica CEO Alexander Nix certainly appears to have given false testimony under oath. Read it here: https://t.co/Rud0Aj6XMe2.) Don Jr. had two calls with Emin Agalarov to pursue dirt Russians were promising as part of June 9, 2016 meeting. Sandwiched between these calls? A third call from a blocked number. We tried to subpoena call records to see if blocked number was Donald Trump, but Rs blocked us: https://t.co/VErLSPRcGJWe lay out some new facts:

1.) Russians sought to establish a secret back channel with Trump campaign through NRA in May 2016 according to an email from Paul Erickson to Rick Dearborn &amp; Jeff Sessions. They sought to make “first contact” at the NRA convention. See the email here: https://t.co/1fN7OG0NdsWe all hope the meeting between Kim Jong-Un and Moon Jae-In augurs a peaceful future after decades of tension and conflict, but vital questions remain, particularly  the complex and hugely consequential challenge of achieving denuclearization on the Korean Peninsula. https://t.co/JRP1ee3RD8Mr. President, to conclude there is “no evidence” of collusion, you must ignore Russia’s extensive efforts to help your campaign, the litany of communications between Russia &amp; your campaign, &amp; the massive effort to conceal these contacts. Here’s the truth: https://t.co/ufM7sszcxW https://t.co/k2TX7LYfU5The Senate just took the first bipartisan step towards protecting Mueller’s investigation and the rule of law. When will House Republicans show any such courage? https://t.co/RzBouCL16vToday Trump told Fox, "I'm very disappointed in my Justice Department" and threatened to interfere in Russia probe. Mr. President, it's not your Justice Department; it belongs to the American people and serves the public interest, not yours. Any interference will not be toleratedNothing says drain the swamp like telling a room full of bankers to give more money to politicians who put the interests of banks ahead of people. https://t.co/5YWN13kBaVWe march today to commemorate the 1.5 million men, women and children killed in the Armenian Genocide more than one hundred years ago. We march against genocide and hatred all over the world, call for justice and restitution, and pledge we will never forget and never give up. https://t.co/FyAfOVf5rLNorth Korea’s announced suspension of missile and nuclear tests is a positive sign in the lead up to a high-stakes summit. With North Korea, there is always room for deep skepticism, but we should seize the opportunity to test their willingness to change. https://t.co/ACBe6Biyx3The memos do not discuss collusion, Mr. President, but they do show you clearing the room and asking Director Comey to drop the Flynn case. Along with your repeated requests for loyalty and to “lift the cloud,” this is all evidence of potential obstruction. https://t.co/2DGF32doHpFor the first time in the Senate's 229 year history, a Senator brought her baby on the floor to vote. Very proud of my friend @SenDuckworth who made history today. https://t.co/TaTEzUkv9uCongress can’t prohibit the President from abusing the pardon power, but we can ensure that if he uses it to shield himself or obstruct justice, we will find out.

We should act now to prevent a constitutional crisis rather than try to respond to one. https://t.co/3LPbWuLZAcIn 2017, @timkaine and I wrote to @POTUS to ask for the legal justification for the Syria strike. We never heard back.
 
The President just ordered another strike on Syria, so we are asking again. The Administration owes the American people a response. https://t.co/8P7isNCjHtBy pardoning Scooter Libby, President Trump signaled he could use the pardon to shield himself and those who remain loyal to him.

I just introduced a bill requiring investigatory files be given to Congress after any pardon in which the president or family members are implicated. https://t.co/T35St8YikYWhen the dark chapter of the Trump presidency is written in the history books, the harshest criticism will be reserved for the GOP leadership in Congress, which put party over country and refused to defend our institutions and the rule of law when they were most at risk. https://t.co/qZTyOtBwT3Barbara Bush was a remarkable woman, First Lady, and American. She was a paragon of grace and decency throughout her life and an example to so many. She will be missed and my condolences to her family and loved ones.Are your taxes going up next year?  If you’re not wealthy or a corporation, you have a 30% chance of paying more taxes next year, higher if you live in a blue state. And your kids will definitely pay much more — the GOP borrowed from them to lower the corporate rate even further.The deadly fate of journalists who expose corruption and human rights violations in Russia continues with the death of Maxim Borodin this past week. Russia ranks 83rd of 100 countries for press freedom, and reporters who challenge the Kremlin repeatedly pay with their lives. https://t.co/PEHIJFwKLJThis morning I praised the Administration’s decision to impose sanctions on Russia over their support of Assad’s chemical weapons attack against his own people. That praise was, sadly, undeserved, as the President has ordered an about-face. https://t.co/mlPgYE36WVI have serious differences with James Comey over his handling of the email investigation, but on two points, I am in solid agreement: Donald Trump does not reflect the values of America and is morally unfit to be President.Here’s the fundamental problem, Mr. President: After 17 years at war in Afghanistan, 15 years in Iraq, and now 7 years of war in Syria, the mission is seldom accomplished. Something you should consider before embroiling us further. https://t.co/sWKBP31DBOScooter Libby's pardon is meant to send a message to potential witnesses against Trump. That's why I’ve drafted a bill requiring that in any case with a pardon in which the president’s implicated, investigatory files must be given to Congress to see if it’s obstruction of justice https://t.co/WXC2wWMaqQBashar al-Assad’s chemical weapons attack against his own people merited a strong international response — these attacks must not be tolerated. However morally justified, the strikes risk serious escalation. Absent congressional authorization, they are also on thin legal ground.On the day the President wrongly attacks Comey for being a “leaker and liar” he considers pardoning a convicted leaker and liar, Scooter Libby. This is the President’s way of sending a message to those implicated in the Russia investigation: You have my back and I‘ll have yours.The President considers firing the Attorney General, Deputy AG, and Special Counsel and the House Intel Chair considers impeaching the FBI Director — all to obstruct an investigation into wrongdoing by the President or those around him. 

@SpeakerRyan response: I’m outta here.As @POTUS considers military action in response to the Assad regime’s chemical attack, the legal basis for any strike should be a primary consideration, not an afterthought. Trump Admin still hasn’t explained basis for the 2017 strike. The President’s authority is not unlimited.Poor relations with Russia were caused by Russia’s violation of our sovereignty, not the investigation of it. And their support for Assad and invasion of Ukraine. 

Given that Russia’s intervention was on your behalf, the conflict of interest is clearly yours, not Mueller’s. https://t.co/Ic6k7uS7FBMueller should subpoena Deutsche Bank if he has reason to believe it would lead to evidence Russians laundered money through Trump Organization. The President has no authority to draw a red line or fire Mueller simply because a particular investigative lead might incriminate him. https://t.co/pKAIFi0AJ6Firing Rod Rosenstein because he approved a warrant that may produce evidence against the President or his lawyer is nothing more than a blatant attempt to obstruct justice.

There is a mechanism for Cohen to challenge the search of his home or business — it’s called a court. https://t.co/YQ4StT1Ks5Decision by Reddit to expose Russian IRA-controlled accounts and activity on its platform is the right move. The best way Americans can protect themselves in the future is to see how Russians sought to use our own platforms against us to sow discord. https://t.co/m6MHczM94QHouse GOP now pushes a balanced budget amendment after passing a tax cut for the wealthy that created massive new deficits. Their preferred remedy under the amendment? Cuts to Medicare and Social Security. They’re not subtle; they just don’t care.
https://t.co/QNOs3HhDn8The search warrant for Michael Cohen’s office was sought by a US Attorney appointed by the President and approved by a judge. That’s no witch hunt. That’s the rule of law.

As Trump floats firing Mueller, all Members must speak out — or stop feigning devotion to the Constitution. https://t.co/BKInKAlflOApparent chemical weapons attack in Douma by Syrian regime against civilians is yet another act of barbarism by Assad, sanctioned by his Russian and Iranian backers.  The UN Security Council must authorize immediate investigation. Those responsible must be tried for war crimes.Which is worse? A President who tells the public things he knows to be patently false? Or a President who cannot tell fact from fiction and believes his own conspiracy theories? Either way, his bogus claim of voter fraud is repugnant. https://t.co/Uj8cSAwoUxAnother day, another terrible decision for the environment. Under Pruitt's leadership, Trump's EPA has gone to great lengths to rollback progress in the fight against climate change. Eliminating these fuel economy targets will undermine years of progress. https://t.co/HuQMG2vOooLocal news stations now required by Sinclair Broadcasting to parrot the talking points of the President, moving America one step closer to its own version of state run media. And another freedom is assailed under this Administration. https://t.co/LwBnqdhM3bIt’s not easy to stand out in the Trump cabinet for retrograde policies and ethical lapses, but credit to Scott Pruitt. He finds a way.

https://t.co/p4EBMZu0yuTo all who are celebrating today, wishing you and your family a very happy Easter!For a President to float the idea of pardons to people who may incriminate him as a way to dissuade them from cooperating only adds to the evidence of potential obstruction of justice. Actions taken with corrupt intent may be illegal, and are certainly corrosive to our democracy. https://t.co/9MgyO7KFVGTo all who are celebrating the beginning of Passover this evening, Chag Pesach Sameach! Wishing you and your family good health, peace and happiness.Asking about immigration status is a transparent attempt to discourage immigrants from responding, and reduce representation in states with large immigrant populations. 

This violates the Constitution and the government’s responsibility to conduct an accurate census. https://t.co/CoTVlXwhk8Some advice: If you find yourself in the position of attacking the motives of students who survived a massacre weeks ago and are speaking out to save others, you should stop. You discredit no one but yourselves. https://t.co/997wUbE4P2We march for those lost to gun violence. We march in solidarity with survivors across the country. We march for those in our schools and those not yet old enough to attend. Marching together, our voices rising together, we can be the change we need. #MarchForOurLives https://t.co/4fqnVWuhZqThis will do nothing to make us safer and unfairly bars transgender Americans from serving their nation. There’s no more justification for this discriminatory and hateful policy today than there was when the President first pronounced it on Twitter last year. #ProtectTransTroops https://t.co/yHJxxNlGgJIt’s hard to escape the disquieting conclusion that the mass exodus of the “adults” from this Administration is putting our nation’s security at risk. Ambassador Bolton’s hawkish and conspiratorial thinking will only make matters dangerously worse.House Intel Republicans just voted to release their partisan report. Russian interference was successful because the beneficiary of their help has refused to condemn it. 
 
The lack of a serious investigation by the GOP is an invitation to the Russians to do it again.Bush, Obama and Clinton may lack your “smarts,” but they didn’t need their staff to tell them DO NOT CONGRATULATE a man who helps North Korea evade sanctions, props up a murderer in Syria, invades his neighbors, and who just used nerve agent in Britain. https://t.co/PIyrthKyduThe President calls Putin — not to condemn him for using a nerve agent in Britain or interfering in our election — but to congratulate him on winning an election in which his top opponent was prohibited from running. No way to lead the free world. https://t.co/vx1wBwJKDORepublicans on the House Intelligence Committee protected President Trump at the cost of conducting a serious investigation. We must release the entire body of witness transcripts so the public can see the facts for themselves.
https://t.co/O0phsMTGG7Glad to see Cambridge Analytica whistleblower is willing to testify. Recent revelations about Erik Prince, Roger Stone and Cambridge Analytica illustrate how GOP decision to shut down their investigation abdicated their oversight responsibilities to country. But our work goes on. https://t.co/lLPhzFzdzFThe President just brought on another lawyer, Joe diGenova, who had been auditioning on Fox News by peddling the conspiracy theory that a cabal at the FBI framed @POTUS.

Just what the White House needs: another big dose of unreality.The bombings that have terrorized Austin residents, killing two and injuring others, are horrific. The Federal government must provide all appropriate assistance to bring the perpetrators to justice before there are more victims.To my House and Senate colleagues:

If the President causes a constitutional crisis by firing Mueller, no one can credibly claim that they could not see it coming. The time to speak out, to defend our system of checks and balances, is now.It’s easy to get 73% of the vote when you bar your "opponents" from running. After extolling life tenure for China’s Xi, will our President now congratulate Putin on his successful elimination of democratic opposition?No way yet to evaluate the rush to fire Andrew McCabe, but each FBI official who corroborates Comey on the issue of potential obstruction has been targeted by Trump and his allies in Congress — McCabe is only the latest example. This is no coincidence. https://t.co/EmktUPxWhTTrump’s call, through his lawyer, to shut down Mueller comes after news he is probing ties between Trump’s business and the Russians. 

Democrats and Republicans must speak out NOW against firing Mueller and FOR an independent counsel law - not wait for a constitutional crisis. https://t.co/1RWc1Yb9mJYou seem to have forgotten, Mr. President, that there is at least one very notable Republican on Mueller’s team — Mueller. And his boss, Rod Rosenstein, appointed by Bush. And his boss, Jeff Sessions, also Republican and chosen by ... you. https://t.co/fg4MgQuWD8Mr. President, the Committee reached no such conclusion — only Republicans. In fact, we did find evidence of collusion, despite GOP members being more interested in protecting you than learning the truth. When accusing others of lying, best not to misrepresent facts yourself. https://t.co/fIuKPGyEN1The President, through his lawyer, called on DOJ to end Mueller probe. Obstruction of justice is no less a threat to our democracy when done in the open than behind closed doors. Every representative should condemn this flagrant abuse of power or stop pretending devotion to duty. https://t.co/YtwUXeOW23In the absence of the IG report, it’s impossible to evaluate the merits of this harsh treatment of a 21-year FBI professional. That it comes after the President urged the DOJ to deprive McCabe of his pension, and after his testimony, gives the action an odious taint. https://t.co/rpZqqxFp4uTreasury will finally punish Russian individuals who, for the most part, were already indicted or subject to sanctions. This from the President who said he was tougher on Russia than Obama. These sanctions will send a message to Russia, just not the one we want to send.Trump refuses to personally condemn Russia over the poisoning of individuals in Britain. Had a Russian nerve agent been used on someone in our country, could we count on on our President to speak out then? What would it take?Today, students all over the country, including my son, walked out of their schools demanding lawmakers support gun safety measures like universal background checks, age requirements and an assault weapons ban.

I hear you. I am with you. I will be with you every step of the way. https://t.co/zgAVvfdkl9Peter was wrong: Managers do not rise to the level of their incompetence, not in this Administration. 

Rick Perry may be leaving the Energy Department, an agency he wanted to abolish and didn’t understand, only to lead Veterans Affairs. “Oops” doesn’t begin to cover it.Democrats on the House Intelligence Committee just released a status report to share with the American people the work left undone in the Russia investigation when the Majority decided to shut it down. 

Our work will continue — there’s a lot left to do: https://t.co/N1ixXllC1DWelcome to CA, @POTUS, where we celebrate diversity, innovation &amp; activism. We believe in climate change, DREAMers, and healthcare for all. We understand you...don't.

When you attack our state, we harden our resolve. We'll continue to build futures, while you try to build walls. https://t.co/VA9OsSAxaEThe White House staff member fired for potential involvement in serious financial crimes was immediately hired for the President’s 2020 re-election campaign. Apparently, they needed someone to step in where Manafort left off. https://t.co/DXaQvmgNs0This was not the finding of the House Intelligence Committee, Mr. President, but only a statement by its GOP members, who lack the courage to stand up to a President of their own party when the national interest necessitates it. https://t.co/ZC1T5BUKS1BREAKING: GOP just shut down House Intel investigation, leaving questions unanswered, leads unexplored, countless witnesses uncalled, subpoenas unissued.

If Russians have leverage over the President, GOP has decided that it would rather not know. The minority's work continues: https://t.co/oOf13n75VoActually, Mr. President, there’s overwhelming political support for gun safety reform, including age limits, universal background checks, and an assault weapon ban. Like you said, too many Republicans are scared of the NRA — including, plainly, you. https://t.co/50k4vg7kWhOne of the most pernicious problems on social media is the rapid spread of misinformation, often posted by fraudulent accounts that are meant to deliberately mislead. 

No, I didn’t tweet this, and I spell my name “Adam,” not “Adum.” https://t.co/CxG5x0TwDpIn meeting Kim Jong Un to discuss denuclearization, the President will need to rely on more than his own estimation of his skills as a “deal maker.” Given the high stakes, clear-eyed diplomacy and preparation will be vital. My statement: https://t.co/c8MmguNRlGWhat a waste. Just think how many dining sets you could have bought or private jets you could have chartered with that money. https://t.co/tUgg9BbcHiThese two reports should be viewed together:

—Trump instructed McGahn to falsely claim President never ordered Mueller fired

—Trump helped craft the false statement about the meeting in Trump Tower

If true, both actions shed light on the issue of obstruction &amp; corrupt intent.We'll need to interview George Nader &amp; receive further testimony and documents from Erik Prince. Prince’s testimony is inconsistent with reports that the Seychelles meeting was part of an effort to set up a backchannel to Russia. It'd be negligent of us not to find out the truth.First, the President and Attorney General Sessions supported state efforts to disenfranchise minority voters. 

Now, they sue California to stop us from protecting vulnerable immigrant families. 

Justice may be blind, but the rest of us see a deeply distributing pattern.It's been difficult to find good news this past year. But word that North Korea may enter negotiations towards denuclearization is a rare bright spot.
 
Given their track record, we need to approach talks with eyes wide open, but even the possibility is a positive step forward. https://t.co/o2aB2AYHk1No cabinet meeting devoted to protecting 2018 elections from foreign interference. Bipartisan sanctions to punish and deter Russian meddling sitting in your desk drawer for months. $120 million allocated by Congress to fight Russian propaganda unspent. This is dereliction of dutyNo, Mr. President. The FBI investigation began when it was discovered that the Russians had secret discussions with your foreign policy advisor about dissemination of stolen Clinton emails.

And how can you criticize Obama for not doing more, when you do absolutely nothing? https://t.co/q93F3FM69QNo, we won’t entertain a “President for Life.” We won’t pull the license of TV stations we don’t like. We won’t jail our political opponents. 

We are the United States of America, and we cherish our democracy. https://t.co/XRXHOnPKgAJared making deals in the White House. Trump signing tax cuts for real estate developers. The first family is not draining the swamp, they’re licensing it, and branding it with great big gold letters.Let’s face it, if reports are true that Kushner discussed setting up a secret back channel out of Russian facilities, there is no way he could get even a low level clearance. Unless of course, he was the President's son-in-law.More important question: Why is the AG asking for a FISA investigation at all? DOJ and FBI already said the Nunes memo was inaccurate, misleading and extraordinarily reckless. With no evidence of abuse, only explanation is political pressure. https://t.co/4zz9HcwrY5Here’s my record — and I’m damn proud of it:

Lifetime NRA rating: F

Donations from NRA: $0Not surprised the White House tried to bury our memo, or that the President would feel the need to go on Fox to explain why two of his foreign policy advisors were having secret discussions with the Russians. Hard to claim “vindication” with these facts. https://t.co/Jnlf9ynXE7Wait a minute, Mr. President. Am I a phony, or sleazy, a monster or little?  Surely you know the key to a good playground nickname is consistency. I thought you were supposed to be good at this. https://t.co/v44q2CTFxXWrong again, Mr. President. It confirms the FBI acted appropriately and that Russian agents approached two of your advisors, and informed your campaign that Russia was prepared to help you by disseminating stolen Clinton emails. https://t.co/G128SNicdnSome time ago, Republicans on our committee released a declassified memo that omitted and distorted key facts in order to mislead the public and impugn the integrity of the FBI. 

We can now tell you what they left out: https://t.co/jeVCVTBUBZThe School Resource Officer in Parkland who stood outside while a mass shooting took place was suspended and resigned. Why should any Member of Congress who stands inside the Capitol and refuses to protect our kids keep their job?Our relationship with Turkey has been tested by its denial of genocide, serious strategic differences and increasingly authoritarian rule under Erdogan. https://t.co/5iwZkx6zr1Talk is cheap – there have been a universal background check bill and an assault weapon ban waiting for a vote in Congress. Tell @SpeakerRyan and @SenateMajLdr you want them brought up for a vote.
 
Let’s see who’s really in a mood to do something. https://t.co/fu83lSw90PAn earthquake early warning system will save lives, property and critical infrastructure — yet, @POTUS has once again tried to eliminate its funding in his budget. 

We’ll work to restore this vital investment in our safety on a bipartisan basis: https://t.co/uHLDEU2LygIf by “tough”, you mean praising Putin, denying Russian involvement in our election, and refusing to impose the sanctions Congress passed, then you are one tough customer. Otherwise, the word you are looking for is “weak.” https://t.co/YBQQh5KKxcSorry for delay @POTUS. Was on a plane back from Munich where General McMaster confronted Russia over its meddling.

I’ve always said Obama should’ve acted sooner. But you won’t recognize the truth, impose sanctions or act at all. If McMaster can stand up to Putin, why can’t you? https://t.co/ixjsjMJSVJTo those who have been wondering how “collusion” might be charged, the Special Counsel has now given us a good indication: 
 
https://t.co/crQ7QTLHm9 https://t.co/Rv5451NyTyNo, Mr. President. The Special Counsel’s indictment states no conclusion on issue of collusion or electoral impact of Russian interference on the election. The former is under investigation and latter is beyond their scope. https://t.co/AMktnbeQrkMueller's indictment reaffirms what the Intelligence Community concluded, what our investigation has borne out, and what President Trump denies — that Russia interfered in our election in an effort to assist his presidential campaign. https://t.co/iXvkLjcWvWYesterday, Steve Bannon refused to answer all but 25 questions concerning his time after the campaign, and all those questions were “helpfully” written for him by the White House. 

This is not executive privilege, this is stonewalling. He must be held in contempt.With the failure to pass an immigration bill in the Senate today, and time running out before the President starts deporting DREAMers next month, it’s time for @SpeakerRyan to allow a vote on the Dream Act.No, Mr. Vice President, that’s false. The Intelligence Community reached no conclusion as to whether Russia’s actions had a determinative effect on the election’s outcome. For you and the President to continue saying it did, gravely misrepresents their work. https://t.co/xa5MA2GOPAMy heart is broken again — this time for the victims of the Parkland school shooting, and the families whose children will not come home today. It is within the power of Congress to save lives, if we find the courage to act.Last year, @TimKaine and I wrote to @POTUS to request the legal justification for the strike in Syria in April 2017. He never responded.

Now we’ve learned there’s a memo explaining legal basis. The Congress and American people deserve to see it.

https://t.co/cIBM2yT4B2Yet another backward and discriminatory step by the Admin as @usedgov abdicates its duty to uphold civil rights for all students. Trans students are highly vulnerable, and their rights must be protected. https://t.co/q3Auks3ZVwThe failure to fire Rob Porter earlier and the constant churn within the White House are indicative of a central moral failing, and a conundrum facing all of the President’s staff — how do you ethically serve a deeply unethical man?The hypocrisy of President Trump’s decision to block release of the Democratic memo reaches out and grabs you by the throat. This is a president who puts his own personal interest above all else. https://t.co/NWE1amztsWMr. President, what you call “political” are actually called facts, and your concern for sources and methods would be more convincing if you hadn’t decided to release the GOP memo (“100%”) before reading it and over the objections of the FBI. https://t.co/L48kAQOztLAfter ignoring urging of FBI &amp; DOJ not to release misleading Nunes memo because it omits material facts, @POTUS now expresses concerns over sharing precisely those facts with public and seeks to send it back to the same Majority that produced the flawed Nunes memo to begin with: https://t.co/qNVyS99eXsIn the dark of night, the House took up a last minute short-term government funding bill. I voted NO because it was a poor deal for DREAMers, for pensioners, and for all Americans.  Here’s why: 

https://t.co/HEHoSBOo5m https://t.co/evNqvWkFQgHave you seen the new GOP hashtag? It's quite a doozy:
 
ReleaseTheMemoNoNotThatMemoInTheInterestofFullTransparencyNotThatMuchTransparencyWhatDoWeDoLetsHaveAParadeMr. President, I see you’ve had a busy morning of “Executive Time.” Instead of tweeting false smears, the American people would appreciate it if you turned off the TV and helped solve the funding crisis, protected Dreamers or...really anything else. https://t.co/lVqQRu2GjlIf the memo was really about oversight, committee members would want to read the underlying documents and bring in the FBI. Republicans voted against both.
 
The interest was not oversight, it was a political hit job on the FBI in the service of the President: https://t.co/LJD3qLGPw6Even the misleading memo by Republicans demonstrates that the origin of this investigation involved Papadopoulos not Page, and involved collusion with the Russians: https://t.co/E2LainMNIkQuite the opposite, Mr. President. The most important fact disclosed in this otherwise shoddy memo was that FBI investigation began July 2016 with your advisor, Papadopoulos, who was secretly discussing stolen Clinton emails with the Russians. https://t.co/2rGOE1jGg2The President’s decision to publicly release a misleading memo attacking DOJ &amp; FBI is a transparent attempt to discredit these institutions and undermine Mueller’s probe.

We'll fight to release our classified response. Until then here's a glimpse at what's wrong with their memo: https://t.co/HX0J6UtDLYNo, Mr. President it’s worse than that. The country’s top elected leader has agreed to selectively and misleadingly release classified info to attack the FBI — that’s what would have been unthinkable a short time ago. https://t.co/yGMJ1Jwj5BI’m horrified and heartbroken to hear of yet another school shooting - this one close to home at Sal Castro Middle School in Los Angeles. Thinking of the victims and their families. I’m determined as ever to fight for gun safety legislation to protect our schools and communities.Why are the President’s false claims about ratings and audience size suddenly making me feel nostalgic for a simpler time? #ComeBackSeanSpicer https://t.co/4AmpTh4Q4vBREAKING: Discovered late tonight that Chairman Nunes made material changes to the memo he sent to White House – changes not approved by the Committee. White House therefore reviewing a document the Committee has not approved for release. https://t.co/llhQK9L7l6The decision by Nunes to employ an obscure rule to release classified information for partisan political purposes crossed a dangerous line, and increases the risk of a constitutional crisis and another Saturday Night Massacre.

My oped on Washington Post: https://t.co/g6FQkPAobZMy thoughts are with my Republican colleagues – I’m relieved to hear there were no serious injuries among Members, their families or staff. I’m deeply saddened to hear about the loss of life of one of the people in the vehicle.The FBI confirms that the memo contains “material omissions of fact” that “fundamentally impact” its accuracy. Nunes used this memo to mislead the House. Will the President now use it to mislead the country? https://t.co/J7LNg47p9fIn case you were wondering how seriously the President is taking the security review of the Nunes memo, @POTUS said he was 100% certain he would release it — even though the WH said he hadn’t read it. https://t.co/tPnb9d6PcyTonight, the President showered law enforcement with praise, even as he and his congressional allies launch an all out attack on the FBI, the preeminent federal law enforcement agency. #SOTUWhy is that whenever the President speaks of immigration it always seems to be in the context of gang members and murderers? There were dozens of DREAMers at the #SOTU tonight who could teach him a lot about immigrants.Committee Republicans JUST voted to declassify their spin "memo" and prohibit release of the Democratic response in what they claimed was “the interests of full transparency.” It was transparent alright – transparently cynical and destructive.The same President who excoriated Clinton after FBI found her handling of classified info extremely careless, now urges release of classified info that DOJ has called “extraordinarily reckless.” He’s consistent — consistently self-serving.It comes as no surprise that @POTUS would place his own interests ahead of the country. But it is tragic that so many Republican Members of Congress would choose to help him do so. https://t.co/VFjwKGfVt6We remember the six million Jewish men, women and children who were massacred by the Nazis and the many other millions of innocent victims who perished during the Holocaust. We renew our pledge to never forget and to never again let such atrocities occur. #HolocaustRemembranceDayCommunity health centers are a lifeline for so many patients in California and throughout the country.

Republicans have no excuse for leaving this crucial funding out of their spending bill — or for letting it expire in the first place. https://t.co/bujxMy4JiITrump goes to Davos, having insulted many of the world leaders there, to tell them to put “America First.” Apparently this is the difference between a really smart diplomatic strategy and one that is only “like, really smart.”Mueller subpoenas Bannon, 
Nunes produces spin memo; 

Mueller interviews Sessions, 
Johnson claims secret society in FBI;  

Mueller calls in the President,
then what does GOP do...I just voted NO on the three week government funding bill. Doesn’t protect DREAMers. Doesn’t provide longterm funding for the military. Doesn’t make sense.When you’re the President and your party controls both Houses, only the most minimal level of competence is needed to keep the government open. #TrumpShutdownDonald Trump ran for President as the great “negotiator.” Well, he negotiated his way into a completely unnecessary shutdown on the one year anniversary of his inauguration.

Time to make a deal to protect Dreamers and CHIP, Mr. President.I voted NO on GOP spending bill because it didn’t protect DREAMers.

No one wants a shutdown – we need a bipartisan compromise that both funds #CHIP &amp; protects DREAMers.Yesterday, Senator Jeff Flake gave one of the most important speeches in Congress in over a decade, and highlighted the destructive nature of the President’s assault on our free press.

Please watch: https://t.co/klKXfhFxpxThe House Intelligence Committee just released Glenn Simpson’s testimony as part of our Russia investigation. Simpson raises numerous questions on money laundering the Committee must investigate.

Read his testimony for yourself: https://t.co/Vr99VCYQFMWhat passes for logic in the Oval Office:
 
Republicans control the Senate.
Republicans control the House.
Republicans control the White House.
Last year, @POTUS tweeted that we need a “good shutdown.”
 
If government closes, who’s responsible? Democrats!There is no legal basis in which the White House can instruct witnesses like Steve Bannon to refuse broad categories of questions before our committee. We must insist on answers.Today we remember Martin Luther King, Jr. and his tireless work for racial and economic equality. We mourn a brilliant life tragically cut short. Dr. King’s legacy as a dreamer is still felt as his powerful words &amp; ideals endure to this day, but his life work is far from complete https://t.co/IG7mmegHY1Congress must investigate the false ballistic missile alarm in Hawaii. An unforgivable false alarm that took 38 minutes to correct.

https://t.co/9OZfcLzDjZ1.) You told Dreamers they had nothing to worry about, then ended DACA.

2.) You claim to support protecting them, but you’re using them as leverage for your ridiculous wall.

3.) You rejected a bipartisan deal yesterday.

You’re fooling no one. https://t.co/TIqTkf3fxKWhen my ancestors came here, they faced anti-Semitism. Every wave of immigrants have faced discrimination and gone on to contribute so much to our nation. I don’t expect this President to understand that, so rest of us must redouble our efforts to be inclusive, kind and welcomingReporting on the ethnic cleansing of the Rohingya is not a crime. Burmese authorities must release Wa Lone &amp; Kyaw Soe Oo. https://t.co/Gu6zGNpNUwIt’s not often you can say this, but it would be better for our national security if the President of the United States watched cartoons every morning. (Or anything, for that matter, other than Fox News.)My thoughts are with all Californians affected, and my sincere thanks to the brave first responders working tirelessly to keep us safe.
The risk of flooding and mudslides may last for days, so stay safe. For weather emergency and evacuation alerts, text READY to 888-777. https://t.co/2BkBjd1EsJVery proud of @SenFeinstein for standing up to this President. He can use all the childish nicknames he wants, but it will take a lot more than that to intimidate our Senator. https://t.co/o2B3O8yk5KActually, Mr. President, the courts are the only branch of government currently working as it should. The GOP Congress certainly isn’t. And there’s nothing more “broken and unfair” than an executive branch without a good chief executive. https://t.co/QKoVwq7gdkDear Secretary Zinke, California like Florida, has hundreds of miles of beautiful coastline and a governor who wants to keep it that way. Or is that not enough for blue states? https://t.co/vQ5Qtl8Xik.@POTUS is threatening to deport the Dreamers if he doesn’t get $18 billion in taxpayer money for his wall. I’m no genius, but wasn’t Mexico paying for that?Plainly, we have a very flawed human being in the Oval Office, and the only question is whether those flaws will permeate the whole of government?
 
It doesn’t take a “stable genius” to see disturbing signs they are: https://t.co/JswBQ8cADhWe will want Mr. Corallo to come before our committee. Given Don Jr.’s refusal to testify about his conversation with his father about the Trump Tower meeting with the Russians, Corallo may shed invaluable insights. https://t.co/uh7E6eZ3G4In California, we will fight to preserve the beauty of our coasts, the rugged wilderness of our national parks and the quality of our air and water. If you’re not willing to help us, @POTUS, at least stay out of our way. https://t.co/ypWfT6uOhJAs more states, including California, legalize and regulate marijuana, both for medicinal and recreational use, turning back the clock on federal enforcement is a waste of limited resources. I believe the hands-off policy should be reinstated, by Congressional action if necessary https://t.co/N2cA83k94gLike all too much of the Administration’s actions to date, this commission was created to validate a deliberate falsehood by the President. That’s why I introduced an amendment last year to end it. Good riddance. https://t.co/zAmToM6NK6Trump condensed:

My senior policy advisor? I had nothing to do with him.
My campaign chairman? Only with me for a short time.
My national security advisor? A liar. 
My foreign policy advisor? He was just a coffee boy.

Don Jr? Um ... fake news!Reminder: https://t.co/uHr8bUCmhnWe must trust the professionals at the Justice Department to ignore the President’s taunts, but it is deeply disturbing that he continues to try to interfere with DOJ’s independence in order to punish his political opponents. https://t.co/wc0kldqu4vHappy New Year! It’s a Pasadena tradition — the Rose Parade!

A special congrats to @TheCityofLCF for winning the Bob Hope Humor Award for their “Panda-Monium” float! https://t.co/DBiinKv3bnWatching events in Iran with great concern over violence against and arrest of peaceful protestors. We stand with the people in Iran and their right to peacefully assemble, petition their government and choose their leaders in a democratic process free from fraud and interferenceTrump: “I have absolute right to do what I want to do with the Justice Department.” 

No, you don’t. You can do what you want with your golf courses. But the country and its Justice Department belong to the American people. https://t.co/60DFvIEMjkVery clever, Mr. President. Although the millions of families recovering from the worst hurricane and fire seasons on record may not appreciate such a fine sense of humor, since climate change may very well have claimed their homes and the lives of loved ones. https://t.co/XWfJ9pJMnkHere’s hoping that you and your family have a very Merry Christmas! Wishing you all a joyful, peaceful day.FBI would set a dangerous precedent if it forced out dedicated career public servants in capitulation to Trump and WH pressure. President has already removed one top FBI leader — Comey — over Russia; McCabe would be another. https://t.co/3txhTds3vAJust opposed the funding bill the House GOP just pushed through Congress. Thousands of DREAMers will lose protections each day we are in recess — it’s unconscionable to leave town without passing the Dream Act.“So, I told ‘em I’d be paying more in taxes and I threw in a couple ‘believe me’s’ and you know what? They did!  Can you believe it? There’s one born every minute, boys!” https://t.co/XJNBwfSdADA very powerful speech yesterday at a rally against the tax cut bill by my former intern and good friend, Ady Barkan, fighting ALS. Have a listen and let me know what you think: https://t.co/JOlpwhfA4jI just voted NO on the Republican tax plan. Here's why:

I voted no on this bill because, simply put, it overwhelmingly benefits large corporations and families with large incomes and estates, while doing little for most families, especially those in California. https://t.co/lb9Cxt39kqWith the president continuing to claim that the investigations have produced no evidence of collusion, it is worth examining the public record after nine months of work.
 
Reality diverges sharply from Mr. Trump’s vehement denials.
 
https://t.co/9trKofzHoNMake no mistake: After they borrow $1.5 trillion to pass a windfall tax break for corporations and the rich, Trump, Ryan, and McConnell will seek cuts to Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security to pay it back.Sending my deepest condolences to the victims and families affected by today’s train derailment in Washington State. Hopefully results of the ongoing investigation will ensure a horrific accident like this never happens again.Trump just made his most self-serving deal ever – the tax bill. With its decrease in the top rate, its pass through income and estate tax cuts, his family stands to make more money than all of their previous deals combined.Much of the damage done by the President can be undone, but lifetime appointments to the federal bench for unqualified ideologues will do lasting harm. https://t.co/BgPlittKYs@SpeakerRyan @POTUS By shutting down the congressional investigations when they continue to discover new and important evidence, the White House can exert tremendous pressure to end or curtail Mueller’s investigation or cast doubt on it. We cannot let that happen.@SpeakerRyan @POTUS Beyond our investigation, here’s what has me really concerned: The attacks on Mueller, DOJ and FBI this week make it clear they plan to go after Mueller’s investigation. 

Aggressively and soon.The responsibility to conduct a thorough investigation, or to prevent one, ultimately falls on @SpeakerRyan. I’m concerned he's heeding the calls of Bannon and @POTUS to “DO SOMETHING” by closing down the Russia investigation &amp; opening up another investigation of Hilary Clinton.Despite our repeated urging, Majority has declined to issue subpoenas in numerous avenues of the investigation, where there's simply no other way to get the information. Some refusals we’ve made public, like witnesses hiding behind nonexistent privileges, many others we haven’t.Next week, they scheduled critical witness interviews out of state, when we are voting on the tax bill and vital government funding bills and no Members will be able to ask questions, in an effort to squeeze them in before end of year. 

These witnesses are willing to come to DC.It appears Republicans want to conduct just enough interviews to give the impression of a serious investigation.Yet, Republicans have scheduled no witnesses after next Friday and none in 2017. We have dozens of outstanding witnesses on key aspects of our investigation that they refuse to contact and many document requests they continue to sit on.Since March, our investigation has made important progress. We’ve interviewed numerous key witnesses behind closed doors, held public hearings, reviewed thousands of documents, identified new leads — all to understand and expose Russia's meddling and protect our democracy.I’m increasingly worried Republicans will shut down the House Intelligence Committee investigation at the end of the month. 

Here’s why:“The president’s daily brief ... is often structured to avoid upsetting him.”

Please tell me they are not referring to our commander in chief, the man that is supposed to be leader of the free world. https://t.co/IaGXH5cbOUToday’s hearing, in which the President’s allies sought to put Mueller, the FBI and DOJ on trial, again demonstrates that the greatest threat to our democracy is from within. 

Russia cannot tear down our institutions — only we can do that. https://t.co/Y36qFzc3VgA Hanukkah miracle! From this Jewish lawyer to Roy Moore's — sorry buddy, the good man won.You bring dignity to the Senate and he brings only shame to the White House with such indecency. Keep up the great work, @SenGillibrand. https://t.co/9j7m1ZgqOpTo all those lighting the menorah’s first candle tonight, Happy Hanukkah from my family to yours! We wish you a peaceful and joyous Festival of Lights.To those, including our President, who have endorsed an alleged pedophile because he will support a tax cut for the wealthy, should we not ask: “For what shall it profit a man, if he gain the whole world, and suffer the loss of his soul?”The President and his allies are making a concerted effort to discredit Mueller, the FBI, the DOJ and judiciary. @POTUS seeks to protect himself by undermining our institutions and tearing at the very idea there is an objective truth: https://t.co/zODM8mH8K0Here is what we know:

The Russians offered help.
The Campaign accepted help.
The Russians gave help.
The President made full use of that help.

That's pretty damning. https://t.co/kRo9NrdQq4Sincerest thanks to firefighters who have worked tirelessly to stop the Creek Fire and other blazes around Southern California. Stay safe everyone, and keep our firefighters and those who have lost so much in your prayers. https://t.co/2VIBtS6JI3There's still time to enroll in health insurance for 2018! 

Open enrollment in CA lasts until Jan 31, but you must enroll by December 15 for coverage to begin on January 1. 
 
Visit https://t.co/rqj9YqW8ba to learn more.So we add a trillion to the debt with a tax cut for the wealthy, then we cut Medicare to pay for it. Wouldn’t it be simpler for seniors to just write a check to the Koch Brothers? https://t.co/nviAEJSntmIf Committee Republicans do not insist on answers concerning the President’s discussions with his son, they will renege on their commitment to follow the facts wherever they lead. https://t.co/D3PD1bxS30Why character counts:

Obama in Oval Office — Respected. Appealed to best in us. Scandal free. 

Trump in Oval Office — Reviled. Divides us. Associates charged. A pedophile endorsed.Today, I voted NO on the Concealed Carry Reciprocity Act. Unfortunately, House Republicans were able to pass this gift to the gun lobby – but you can still stop it.
 
Call your Senators at (202) 224-3121 and tell them to vote NO on this dangerous bill.🚨 EVACUATION ALERT in effect in parts of #CA28. If ordered to leave, please do so immediately. Follow @LAFD @LAPDHQ @ReadyLA @NotifyLA for updates.
 
Sign up for emergency alerts → https://t.co/bdX8sPJsxM
 
Stay informed → https://t.co/jvBhddgmWy &amp; https://t.co/l0cgVzuQgISCOTUS heard the Masterpiece Cakeshop case today. This isn’t about cake—it’s about discrimination.
 
Discrimination on the basis of sexual orientation is every bit as wrong as discrimination based on race or ethnicity or religion. Equality under the law means just that. https://t.co/0QAJ37f5fkSending strength and prayers to first responders battling fast-moving wildfires in Southern California and those residents affected, including those in Kagel Canyon.

Follow here for fire updates and evacuation information: 
https://t.co/2jwpygE9XIIvanka: “There’s a special place in hell for people who prey on children.”
 
@POTUS: It’s called the Senate GOP Conference.Reporting on poor governance and environmental disasters is not a crime. Quynh must be released immediately. #PressFreedom
https://t.co/ASYSKXDoUFJust because the President has the power to fire someone — or express his views on their performance — doesn’t mean he can fire them for an illicit reason. A president is not above the law. https://t.co/NsPOWDnH7MGiven the limited scope of the charges Flynn pled to, Mueller must have concluded that his cooperation and potential testimony against others was of greater value. https://t.co/inTRfUaZKpIf that is true, Mr. President, why did you wait so long to fire Flynn? Why did you fail to act until his lies were publicly exposed? And why did you pressure Director Comey to “let this go?” https://t.co/Ea4kOBpWPvThe GOP tax plan is a travesty. Up to 40% of Americans may get a tax increase, to fund a giveaway to the wealthy. More $ for Trump’s family, less for yours.Yes, Mr. President, you have made America so respected that our staunchest ally, Britain, may need to withdraw its invitation for your visit. https://t.co/DGoaGkO1PPThe White House today sought to diminish the significance of Flynn’s plea, saying he told same lies to them and no one else was implicated. But Flynn’s statement says otherwise: https://t.co/p7PGIikKR1The guilty plea by Michael Flynn for lying to federal agents about his contacts with the Russians is another shocking development.
 
That he admits senior transition officials were knowing of these contacts, and therefore his subsequent lies, may be even more consequential: https://t.co/jWIT5ngBMRLatest reason why Donald Trump is the worst president in modern history: he propagates hate speech against Muslims to millions of Americans. (Part of a continuing series)House just passed a bill I co-sponsored requiring Members of Congress and staff to complete training on sexual harassment, workplace rights, and responsibilities. 
 
This is an important first step — Congress must do more to prevent sexual harassment and protect victim rights.Hate crimes are on the rise, so what does @POTUS do? Spends the morning stoking fear of Muslims with videos from a hate group. America is better than this, even if our President is not. https://t.co/FGm0Pcthq3Lost in the sea of falsehoods and errant tweets, is the deep damage being done at the Justice Department, where the rule of law is threatened along with the Department's independence. https://t.co/bTjw0Uc3DgIn two weeks, the FCC plans to vote to eliminate #NetNeutrality protections that keep the internet free, fair and open.

Call your Senators and Representatives. Tell them to support net neutrality: 
202-224-3121 https://t.co/SNBLTlFh1PEliminating tax break for teachers buying classroom supplies: $250 per teacher. 
 
Eliminating tax tuition waivers for grad students: Thousands in increased taxes.
 
Money Betsy DeVos stands to save in tax bill: Priceless.
 (Actually, it’s MANY millions.)Your campaign manger indicted, foreign policy advisor (“excellent guy”) pled guilty, and national security advisor fired for lying. More than any other 10-month President, true! https://t.co/MGUcD1jA51Hope reports U.S. is cutting off assistance to Syrian Kurds — so pivotal in fighting ISIS — are mistaken, and Trump Admin wouldn’t betray them to placate Turkey. 

https://t.co/yT1W4Ly321Everything under previous Admin was a disaster. Obama was smart, scandal-free, and restored our economy. Total disaster. I won’t be anything like him. https://t.co/y2DASEF48IChildren’s health clinics are shutting down after congressional Republicans allowed CHIP to expire. 9 million kids at risk. But GOP still has time for corporate tax cuts. Nice priorities. 

https://t.co/5PZzLeqj1sHappy Thanksgiving from my family to yours! 

This year might have been rough, but we can all be thankful for our friends and family, among our many blessings. What else are you thankful for this year?Despite huge public opposition, Trump’s FCC chair is pushing forward to repeal #NetNeutrality rules. We need to keep a free and open internet.The President would have left American students in a foreign jail because their families didn’t lavish sufficient praise on him. How can someone in such a big office be so small? https://t.co/g3oa0o9aBUThank you again, Mr. President, for showing such maturity and magnanimity. Your words demonstrate why, as you say, America has never been respected like this before. https://t.co/kHThxYutHmCall your Senators. Tell them to vote NO on the Senate GOP tax plan. 

Here's why: It's a massive tax cut for the wealthy and big corporations, paid for by cutting healthcare for millions, and raising taxes on students and homeowners.

202-224-3121I just voted NO on the Republican tax plan. Here's why: https://t.co/qdSquznUYKWhy are we fighting massive tax cuts for millionaires, paid for by tax increases on students, teachers, and homeowners, and healthcare cuts for 13 million? Basic fairness, I suppose. https://t.co/aARejaoh9mGOP found a new way to pay for billions in tax cuts for the wealthy — bring back TrumpCare. Now they’ll pay for a tax cut for millionaires by taking away healthcare from millions of Americans. What a “deal.”
https://t.co/8rfZbmshrmThe war in Yemen has caused unimaginable human suffering, and millions are now on the brink of famine. Only a political solution can bring it to an end. https://t.co/bx4WKmxr7EIf the AG bends to pressure from President Trump and his allies, and appoints a special counsel to investigate Trump’s vanquished rival, it could spell the end of the DOJ as an independent institution. https://t.co/RkcL9Rsf8tIf true, these messages represent more secret communications between the Trump campaign and cut-outs for the Kremlin, along with Roger Stone and Cambridge Analytica. It also demonstrates again a willingness by the highest levels of the Trump campaign to accept foreign assistance. https://t.co/58ezBDPZ71As a candidate, @POTUS said that not paying taxes made him “smart.” Guess he figures that pushing a tax cut saving him billions would also be “smart.” And if we go along with it, what does that make us?We owe those who served our country a debt that can never be repaid. Today we honor all of them. Thank you for your service. #VeteransDay https://t.co/mZOxRjPlME“[Putin] said he didn't meddle. I asked him again. You can only ask so many times. And I believe... I think he is very insulted by it.” 

You know who else is insulted by it, Mr. President? The American people. You believe a foreign adversary over your own intelligence agencies. https://t.co/lZkQAch7CTWe want American technology companies to thrive. We also need their help with the Russia investigation. 

My op-ed for the @sacbee_news: https://t.co/ZxQWgngocrThe Foreign Service is as integral to stability and security as the military. By hollowing out the State Dept, Trump is doing lasting damage https://t.co/jtDviHSlT6@realDonaldTrump @POTUS There is absolutely no doubt: President Trump is the worst president in modern history. And each day, he works on eliminating "modern" from that description.@realDonaldTrump @POTUS I haven't even gotten to the President's foreign policy. Cozying up to dictators, threatening war via tweet, hollowing out our State Department...@realDonaldTrump @POTUS Without checking with the Pentagon, @POTUS banned trans soldiers from serving our country. It was ugly, wrong, and unconstitutional.@realDonaldTrump @POTUS Trump has repeatedly tried to intervene in our justice system, and denigrated judges who rule against him as illegitimate or “so-called” judges.@realDonaldTrump @POTUS Trump refuses to acknowledge Russia’s attack on our democracy, and fired FBI Director James Comey because of "this Russia thing."@realDonaldTrump @POTUS Trump said he would discontinue payments to health insurance companies, raising rates for consumers, actively undermining the Affordable Care Act.@realDonaldTrump @POTUS .@POTUS withdrew from the Paris Accords, forever damaging our planet and our standing in the world. Climate change is real, and we must act.@realDonaldTrump @POTUS After the white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, @POTUS found fault on "many sides." There were not "many sides," just right and wrong.@realDonaldTrump @POTUS Trump unilaterally rescinded #DACA without any replacement. Hundreds of thousands of DREAMers stand to lose everything. He doesn't care.@realDonaldTrump @POTUS Then @POTUS Trump demonized a free &amp; fair press, laying groundwork to discredit any negative stories. He even threatened network licenses.@realDonaldTrump In his first week of office, @POTUS signed the #MuslimBan, banning people from entering our country based on their faith.@realDonaldTrump Almost immediately after the election, the President-elect falsely claimed to have won the popular vote and said that millions of illegal immigrants voted.One year ago, @realDonaldTrump was elected President. Since then, he has repeatedly shown why he is the worst president in modern history.

Here's how:Happening now: watch my interview with @AP Bureau Chief @jpaceDC.

I'm taking your questions live: https://t.co/VU0v95JMmvEnrollment for health insurance is open. Sign up and tell your friends and family: https://t.co/rqj9YqW8ba

Everyone needs to #GetCovered!Trump Admin slashed health care marketing budget &amp; reduced enrollment period, so it’s up to us to share how to get health insurance: https://t.co/gOSvAJ6gvlA horrific day in America. Innocent men, women and children slaughtered in a sacred place. Together we mourn. We must take action. https://t.co/OxsfwwcAUoGOP tax plan promises hundreds of millions in tax relief for families. 

Well, actually, for just one family. The Trumps.What kind of president calls our justice system a joke and laughing stock, with “so-called” judges? The worst President in modern history.Article III courts have convicted 600+ terrorists since 9/11.
 
Military commissions at GTMO have convicted 3.
 
Let’s go with what works. https://t.co/w5zvThOkacRussian social media campaign sought to hurt Clinton, help Trump &amp; sow discord. All ads must be released.

A sample: https://t.co/7Ww2qy96qJ https://t.co/DfD65uzkQ1My thoughts are with victims of the awful terror attack in New York City and their families. Absolutely horrifying.Just briefed on terror attack in NYC, which bears hallmarks of ISIS inspiration. With Raqqa’s fall, ISIS emphasizes attacks like this. https://t.co/FklfqXPLvVWith respect, Mr. President, not sure we can rely on Mr. Manafort’s lawyer to tell us whether there was collusion, as unbiased as he may be. https://t.co/Iy9rJGaoiFToday’s indictments of Manafort and Gates, and Papadopoulos’ guilty plea are key developments in Russia probe.  Here’s why: https://t.co/ELNg3LPoe3Trump campaign was notified Russians had stolen emails as early as April 2016. May explain why they were eager to take Trump Tower meeting.We've seen a disturbing pattern of political intervention by White House at DOJ, taking apart our system of checks &amp; balances brick by brick https://t.co/JEX5RXzdXJTranslation: The Special Counsel may have just indicted someone close to me. HELP! Republicans in Congress DO SOMETHING! https://t.co/tV9utomgH8“This President wants all federal agencies to ...be transparent with public." What about White House visitor logs? Uh, not that transparent. https://t.co/VxTZ71l618Mr. President, the Special Counsel and the Congress have come to no conclusions yet. We will let you know when we do. https://t.co/BHYLp3TfBEIf President personally intervened w DOJ to advance case against political opponent it’s beyond disturbing; I intend to pursue in new probe. https://t.co/2ccA6B3yGjHouse GOP just announced a new investigation into Whitewater, citing new leads.
Can’t tell if this is a joke?
It is, but that’s the problem.A welcome step. Serving as a platform for free expression doesn’t require assisting foreign powers in their efforts to push propaganda. https://t.co/zEczAVo7CqMy meeting with the Republican Senators was a love fest. Not since Caesar met with his Senate have things gone so smoothly. Believe me. https://t.co/72jfmQteTOAfter biggest financial meltdown since the Great Depression, what reform does GOP propose? Make it more difficult to hold banks accountable. https://t.co/Af9datPrPJWhy not investigate “Uranium One?” If Benghazi probe demonstrated anything, it proved you can’t conduct a good investigation in bad faith.History will be kind to @JeffFlake, even while it excoriates those in his party enabling Trump to tear apart our country &amp; its institutions.GOP and Trump have one rule: when all else fails, investigate a Clinton. A coordinated distraction from the Russian role in our election. https://t.co/EmrsCtAx1k3 weeks ago we suffered worst ever US mass shooting aided by bump stocks to allow auto fire. @SpeakerRyan when will you allow a vote to ban?Not surprised Putin again attacked Bill Browder, who exposed Russian corruption, but it would be outrageous if US acceded to Kremlin demands https://t.co/YiaLM5YCBUTo pay for a gigantic corporate tax cut, the GOP is going after retirement accounts. Some "reform." https://t.co/SvQaIkEs96Please tell us you understand the difference between a free press and Russia’s covert effort to interfere in our democracy on your behalf. https://t.co/gqgmdynZwE.@POTUS, does this mean Ted Cruz’s father will be exposed? https://t.co/RGbozDUgOROne day at a time, one brick at a time, Trump dismantles our system of checks and balances while a cowed GOP watches on, horrified but mute. https://t.co/qB1ZvyJ5F8Intel Community never said Russia failed to affect outcome. @POTUS clearly believed stolen documents influenced voters — he cited them daily https://t.co/LMmxevYty8Just introduced the Rim of the Valley Preservation Act to protect 191k acres of open space. Read more here: https://t.co/nkxpnAxyP7 https://t.co/aRwS477n0zThanks to @SenAlexander &amp; @PattyMurray for their bipartisan work to stabilize insurance markets. Congress needs to take up and swiftly pass. https://t.co/zXwIAWr9XlNice try, Mr. President. But you’re in charge now. The buck stops with you. Break the ACA by sabotaging it, and you’ll be held accountable. https://t.co/aLWx0jDnuQThe fall of Raqqa as capital of ISIS’ caliphate is a significant milestone. Our thanks to the American forces who played such a vital role. https://t.co/f8f5uxV2hm