A single justice made the difference between safe, legal access to abortions and dangerous, back-alley procedures. A new justice may unravel that. #WhatsAtStake is a woman’s right to make choices about her own body. Voters deserve a say in how the court evolves. #SaveSCOTUSThis is a fight for the soul of America. We must not be a country that tears children from their mothers. We must not be a country that traumatizes the most vulnerable. #FamiliesBelongTogtherMake no mistake, this Supreme Court vacancy is vital for the right of women to control their own health care. The president has a clear litmus test for his nominees, and that means the deciding vote against Roe v. Wade. #SaveSCOTUS #WhatsAtStakeConditions in Gaza are appalling: contaminated water, a nonexistent economy, unemployment at 40 percent, and more than 1 million Palestinians dependent on U.N. food assistance. President Trump’s $305 million cut to humanitarian aid will only make it worse. https://t.co/LPge5CXBoZAmerica’s role as an honest broker in this conflict requires us to be a voice for both Palestinians and Israelis. President Trump has embraced Israel’s hardline policies while ignoring the plight of Palestinians, helping fuel the violence we’re now seeing. https://t.co/LPge5CXBoZA Supreme Court ruling earlier this week dealt a crushing blow to the ability of workers to secure fair pay and good health care. This is a reminder of why #CourtsMatter. Our bill will guarantee a right to collective bargaining for public sector workers. https://t.co/21dK7AUwBwIf the Senate needed to wait nine months when Justice Scalia died, then it surely needs to wait four months now. If the American people deserved to have their voices heard then, they deserve to have their voices heard now. #FollowTheMcConnellStandardThe Senate shouldn’t conduct business cynically by bending to the majority’s will. Instead, it should follow Senate traditions and precedent. The #McConnellStandard was established with the last nominee and it should be observed today. Follow the McConnellStandardAs Republicans have stressed, the Constitution provides the Senate with a key role in the nominations process. They vigorously defended the Senate and the people’s roles when President Obama was in office, they should do likewise when President Trump is in office.Some Republicans are suggesting the #McConnellStandard only applies to presidential elections. Respectfully, that’s ridiculous. Regardless of who is president, the Senate confirms a Supreme Court nominee. The people deserve a say on who controls the Senate.The farm bill is a win for California. It invests in the crops we grow, promotes organics and helps feed families. We also rejected House proposals that would make it harder to qualify for food assistance. This bill will put more food on kitchen tables. https://t.co/3UzQhweZy8My heart goes out to all those affected by the shooting at the Capital Gazette in Maryland, and my thanks to law enforcement for their response. We can’t continue allowing this to happen. Our communities deserve better.Pres. Trump prides himself on deal-making, but he’s made a peace deal between Israel and the Palestinians more difficult at every turn. Moving the embassy to Jerusalem, allowing settlement expansion and cutting aid to Gaza are not the path to peace. https://t.co/LPge5CXBoZProtecting a woman’s right to control her body has been one of my top priorities since I was first elected. The next Supreme Court Justice could roll back that right. Women deserve to have their voices heard, and following the #McConnellStandard would ensure that. #SaveSCOTUSWhile I disagreed with my colleagues’ actions when they blocked Judge Garland from receiving a hearing or vote, the simple fact is that Republicans set a new standard. The #McConnellStandard shouldn’t be ignored just because a Republican is president. #SaveSCOTUSWhen Justice Scalia died NINE months before an election, ALL Judiciary Committee Republicans agreed to take NO ACTION on ANY nominee. They said the American people deserve a voice in who will sit on the Supreme Court. If it was true then, it must be true now. #SaveSCOTUSWATCH NOW: I’ll be speaking at the Senate Judiciary Committee on the importance of following the #McConnellStandard and waiting until after the elections to fill the newly-vacant Supreme Court seat. #SaveSCOTUS
https://t.co/C0DCU0AxvPTwo years ago, the Supreme Court ruled in support of a woman’s right to choose. Today, we’re upholding that legacy by fighting for the Women's Health Protection Act that would preserve safe and legal access to abortion services for all women, regardless of location. #ActForWomenTwo years ago, the Supreme Court guaranteed a right for women to access abortion care without an undue burden. But since then, nearly 200 state-level restrictions on access to abortion care have been passed. We must #ActForWomen and preserve access to safe abortion services.We #ActForWomen because safe and legal abortion access needs to be protected nationally. We can’t let the nearly 200 state-level restrictions that have been passed chip away at the fundamental right of a woman to make her own choices when it comes to health care.4 months away from an election, there should be no consideration of a Supreme Court nominee until the American people have a say. Leader McConnell set that standard when he denied Judge Garland a hearing for nearly a year, and the Senate should follow the McConnell Standard now.This is a manufactured crises, plain and simple. Previous presidents have found ways to enforce our immigration laws without separating children from their parents. If the president won’t protect children and keep families together then Congress must. #KeepFamiliesTogetherPresident Trump’s trade war is pushing companies like Harley-Davidson to move American jobs overseas. Now the president is threatening them with higher taxes for the fallout from his own trade policies. That’s not how we do business in the United States.  
https://t.co/TmxlJxLpbYThe bipartisan Equality Act would provide clear and consistent nondiscrimination protections for #LGBT people across all areas of life including employment, housing, federally-funded programs, public spaces and services, education, credit and jury service. #EqualityForward3 years ago the Supreme Court ruled that LGBT Americans could legally marry. Today, 30 states still allow employers &amp; landlords to openly discriminate against a person based on sexual orientation. It’s past time to move #EqualityForward &amp; continue the march toward full equality. https://t.co/gWZcbnn7KbImportant: This morning the Health and Human Services Secretary stated that children would NOT be reunited with parents who are in detention. The administration is holding children hostage to push parents to drop their asylum claims.UPDATE: Only around 500 children separated from their parents at the border have been reunited. Around 2,000 children are still separated. We must not allow attention to fade from this ongoing crisis.Allowing unlicensed, anti-abortion clinics to give women misleading information about health care under the guise of the First Amendment is appalling. This further undermines the ability of women to control their own bodies and make informed decisions about their health care. https://t.co/v4irYkKtP2The decision by the Supreme Court’s Republican majority to uphold Pres. Trump’s travel ban is deeply disturbing. He made clear during the campaign his bias and bigotry toward Muslims, yet the court gave his statements little weight. Let this decision remind us that #CourtsMatterPersistent advocacy of survivors like Amanda and Terry is the reason we have the Sexual Assault Survivors Bill of Rights today. Thank you for your courage and your candor as you told us your stories today. @nguyen_amanda @TerryCrews https://t.co/cVEiXVzzZE https://t.co/pUGMrLKRbcI asked @TerryCrews why he didn’t use his considerable strength to fight back when he was sexually assaulted. His answer is a powerful reminder of how victims are too often forced into silence to avoid damaging their careers or reputations. We need to hear the truth. https://t.co/8xSxnhXj91The Justice Department has limited resources and it makes NO sense to prosecute families instead of drug traffickers. If the Trump administration wanted to protect public safety it would prioritize serious criminals. https://t.co/k5XVnj762EWomen use an average of 12 personal care products with 168 different ingredients each &amp; every day. Congress has not updated the law that ensures these products are safe in 80 years. Our Personal Care Products Safety Act would ensure ingredients are safe to protect public health.We shouldn’t be a country that rips nursing babies from their mothers. We shouldn’t be a country that puts dozens of children in cages with thin mats and aluminum blankets. And we shouldn’t be a country that detains immigrant families indefinitely. #KeepFamiliesTogetherThe Senate just passed our Energy &amp; Water funding bill that provides $575 million for Army Corps of Engineers and Bureau of Reclamation for water infrastructure and drought resilience programs in Calif. As we continue to recover from this drought we must prepare for the next one.No other type of product is so widely used with so few federal safeguards.  https://t.co/UVP5hPaoC0Our skin is our largest organ, but there are few safety rules ensuring the ingredients in them are safe. It’s been 80 years since Congress passed a law regulating ingredients used in these products.There’s absolutely no excuse for the administration’s failure to have a plan in place to reunite families as quickly as possible. I’m calling for an emergency oversight hearing in the Judiciary Committee so Congress can get some answers and hold this administration accountable.Protections that limit how long children can be detained aren’t “loopholes.” They’re guarantees of basic decency. We have children coming to our border who are often fleeing horrific violence. We shouldn’t deny them basic due process or humane treatment. #KeepFamiliesTogetherPresident Trump has created total chaos with his executive order. Rather than reverse his so-called zero-tolerance policy, the president is going after protections for immigrant children that ensure they are provided with food and water. #KeepFamiliesTogetherPresident Trump’s executive order is a bait and switch. He will only end separation if he can detain families indefinitely and roll back protections for all immigrant children. He’s using a crisis he created to undermine immigrant rights. #KeepFamiliesTogetherDetaining families indefinitely is not only cruel, it's also unnecessary. ICE’s own statistics show that 99% of people enrolled in the Alternatives to Detention Program attend court hearings. The administration’s policies are driven by ideology, not facts. #KeepFamiliesTogetherHappy #Pride, San Francisco! Let’s celebrate the work of LGBT activists who have come before by continuing to fight toward full equality. Today’s celebrations are a testament to their hard-fought victories. #SFPride74 years ago FDR established the #GIBill to help veterans returning home from war. Today, the #GIBill continues to provide a path to higher education and technical certifications. It’s an essential program to thank our brave military men and women for years of selfless service.It’s great to hear that California has received three local drug crises grants. These are drug free communities grants specifically geared toward addressing the opioid crisis. We have to keep using every tool available to fight the drug overdose epidemic.Appropriate supplies of essential medication should always be available for patients who need it. We’re asking the FDA to identify the causes of drug shortages and find solutions so that no one has to go without vital medication. https://t.co/CdPF5qwNhgPresident Trump has created total chaos. The administration has admitted it has no plans to reunite the more than 2,300 children taken from their parents. These families were torn apart without any idea how they would be put back together. #FamiliesBelongTogtherEnforcing our immigration laws does not mean enactment of policies that are inconsistent with the most basic of American values. The President has created a false choice.  His executive order is an inhumane solution to a problem created by a terrible policy. We can do better.What is going on here is a bait and switch, and I for one don’t believe we should accept this false choice.  I will continue to work on passing legislation to protect children and keep families together. https://t.co/4OAxIhH7a8The solution to the cruelty of putting children in cages isn’t to add their parents to those cages. Alternatives to detention work. We can enforce our immigration laws effectively with compassion – as was done under Presidents Bush and Obama. https://t.co/UBmKuQgAKmICE’s own statistics show that alternatives to detention work. The president has decided to enact a policy that ignores those statistics and is creating a humanitarian crisis on our border. Detaining families indefinitely isn’t a solution.Withdrawing the U.S. from the UN Human Right Council will only embolden the worst abusers and further isolate our country. The Trump administration continues to cede American leadership in the world to any and all.We’re a country founded by refugees and immigrants. From the beginning, America has been a refuge for all manner of people seeking a safe place for their families to build a life. #WorldRefugeeDay should remind us of the countless contributions refugees have made to the U.S.It’s extremely troubling that the president’s executive order would require immigrant families with children to be detained indefinitely. The order appears to be the next step in the Trump administration’s larger agenda to eliminate basic protections for asylum seekers.These families were separated due to a barbaric new Trump administration policy conceived in a cruel effort to deter those seeking asylum and better lives from coming to the United States. This policy isn’t compatible with American values. https://t.co/274VbxwCAbEstas familias fueron separadas debido a una nueva política desastrosa del gobierno Trump, con el intento malicioso de disuadir a los inmigrantes en busca de asilo y en busca de una vida mejor en los Estados Unidos. No es una politca compatible con los valores de nuestro país.The #KeepFamiliesTogetherAct does NOT allow sex traffickers to use children as pawns. To say otherwise is wrong It explicitly ensures protection if sex trafficking or abuse is suspected. Republicans are misrepresenting my bill to justify their inexcusable choice to not support itOur bill puts the welfare of children first and foremost. It bars separation except in cases of abuse or trafficking. Any decision to separate a child from their parent would have to be made in consultation with a child welfare specialist. #KeepFamiliesTogetherUsing basic protections for children as an excuse to separate families at the border is appalling. As is calling them loopholes. These protections passed the Senate with overwhelming support because they are commonsense measures to protect children.Fact Check: Basic humanitarian protections for unaccompanied minors are NOT loopholes. My lead cosponsor on the bill to create these protections was Senator Sam Brownback, one of the Senate’s most conservative members.Fact Check: Basic humanitarian protections for unaccompanied minors are NOT loopholes. They were approved by Congress with broad, bipartisan support. https://t.co/QGk6jJOn5NThis policy, which has never been federal policy, has resulted in hundreds of children being taken from their parents. This is a low point that I never thought I’d see in the United States of America. Candidly, I find it revolting. https://t.co/274VbxwCAbLa política de separar niños de sus padres nunca ha sido política federal. Este es un momento grave que nunca pensé que vería en los Estados Unidos. Sinceramente, me parece repugnante. https://t.co/pAI2vVtNKf#Juneteenth may have ended slavery, but it didn't end discrimination. However, despite decades of racism, we keep moving toward equality thanks to the work of so many brave Americans. Today, let’s celebrate #Juneteenth by focusing on the work we still have ahead of us.This isn’t who we are. Separating children from their parents reminds us of the worst chapters in American history. This horrific policy MUST end. We have a bill with 49 cosponsors that will do just that. The Senate must pass it NOW. #KeepFamiliesTogetherPresident Trump and his administration are separating children from their parents to deter immigrants from seeking asylum and gain leverage to enact their anti-immigrant policies. They’ve said so plainly. #KeepFamiliesTogether https://t.co/Hrc9ucQqmrLet’s set the record straight: There is no requirement to separate immigrant families. This policy is Donald Trump’s policy, period. Presidents Bush and Obama refused to implement such a terrible policy. #KeepFamiliesTogetherDonald Trump could end the separation of families today. If he won’t, our bill to #KeepFamiliesTogether has the support of ALL 49 Democrats. We need Republicans to step up to the plate and support our bill.There's no law that requires a child be taken from a mother’s arms while nursing. This is the Trump administration’s policy. President Trump could put an end to this immoral policy right now. #KeepFamiliesTogetherCongress shouldn’t cede its authority over nuclear weapons to President Trump. Unfortunately, that’s exactly what the NDAA would do by removing congressional oversight for building future nuclear weapons. https://t.co/tRzLbALiCyKey point in IG report: Director Comey’s decisions were not motivated by political bias. https://t.co/qlbSKWJxySKey point in IG report: Director Comey’s decisions to deviate from Justice Department policy helped  Donald Trump. https://t.co/qlbSKWJxySKey point in IG report: The FBI’s actions leading up to the 2016 political campaign were NOT influenced by political bias. https://t.co/qlbSKWJxySDonald Trump, stop this atrocity. America does not take children from parents in this vile manner.UPDATE: The entire Democratic caucus supports our bill to bar children from being taken from their parents at the border. I’ve heard countless Republicans say that they oppose children being taken from their parents. If that’s true, they should support our bill NOW!The latest reports from the border indicate that large groups of children are being held in cages and some children are so traumatized they've attempted suicide. President Trump could end this horrific policy TODAY. If he won't, Congress must pass the #KeepFamiliesTogetherActUPDATE: 48 senators now support the Keep Families Together Act. We're making progress, but we still need Republicans to join. If you're represented by a Republican senator, tell them to support S.3036. #KeepFamiliesTogetherHappy Father’s Day to all dads in California and across the U.S.! I hope it’s a day full of celebration with family and loved ones.Antarctica and the Greenland ice sheet are both melting. They’ve each lost more than 1 trillion tons of ice to the sea in just the last five years, and the rate is accelerating. We are going to have to cut our emissions even faster if we want to save our coastlines. https://t.co/IMcwJYlV1VWishing San Diego a happy #Pride this weekend! Get out and celebrate the progress we’ve made. I can’t wait to see what we achieve next on our march to full equality.UPDATE: 43 senators now support our bill to bar children from being taken from their parents at the border. We still need a Republican senator to join. If you’re represented by a Republican senator, please ask them to cosponsor S.3036. #FamiliesBelongTogetherCalifornia is home to more Dreamers than any state in the country. Over the past six years, the DACA program has allowed these young people to pursue their dreams and make incredible contributions to our communities. #ProtectDREAMersNews reports indicate that nearly 2,000 children have been taken from their parents in six weeks—about 50 per day. This is an immoral, horrific policy. President Trump could stop this on his own. If he won’t, Congress MUST pass our bill to #KeepFamiliesTogether.Kids are not pawns to be used as an immigration deterrent. Families belong together, it’s that simple. This is not about politics, it’s about who we are as a country. We must speak out when we see injustice. #FamiliesBelongTogetherPresident Trump has the power to stop the separation of families, but if he won’t take action then Congress must. S. 3036 deserves a vote before the whole Senate. #FamiliesBelongTogetherIsrael shouldn’t force people off their land by demolishing the village of Khan al-Ahmar in the West Bank. I'd encourage Israel to instead approve its master plan and work with the Bedouin community to provide building permits so they can live in peace. https://t.co/D5UmyToIUTI’m appalled by Ambassador Grenell’s comments promoting conservative political parties in Europe. It’s absolutely unacceptable for any ambassador to meddle in the domestic politics of another country. Secretary Pompeo should make that clear to all U.S. ambassadors. https://t.co/NNwyxnEmjgThe Trump administration can’t continue to support this war that has devolved into an appalling humanitarian disaster. The U.N. and aid agencies have already pulled their aid workers from Hodeidah for fear of the devastating attacks on the port city. https://t.co/npSfcz6xn3President Trump was wrong again this morning when he said the law requires children to be taken from their parents at the border. To blame Democrats for this policy is a lie. This is the Trump administration’s policy, period. And President Trump could and should end it NOW!I’m deeply disturbed by reports of attacks against the Yemeni port city of Hodeidah by a Saudi coalition supported by the U.S. Millions of people in Yemen depend on food and assistance from humanitarian organizations, most of which flows through this city. https://t.co/1FZN0XE5B0I oppose the nomination of Patrick Wyrick. Both his experience as a lawyer and judge and his limited public record show a hostility towards women’s rights and the federal government’s ability to protect consumers and the environment. #CourtsMatterEid Mubarak to everyone in California and around the world marking the end of Ramadan! Wishing everyone a peaceful and celebratory night.Fact Check: There is no law that requires families at the border to be separated. This is the Trump administration’s decision and they could put an end to this immoral policy today. Because they won’t, Congress must take a stand and pass our Keep Families Together Act.Everyone knows that taking children away from their parents is wrong. #FamiliesBelongTogether and should never be separated. Kids must be with their parents, not in detention centers. Call your senators and tell them to support S. 3036!Read my statement on the Justice Department IG report on the 2016 election. https://t.co/HPrq8iWtw7Happy Birthday to the U.S. Army! I’d like to give my heartfelt thanks to all the brave men and women who keep the noble traditions of our Army alive each and every day through selfless service. Thank you for your dedication and sacrifice.Thanks @JimmyKimmel! We need as many people to call their senators as possible. https://t.co/fuBkVQVOD1Happy #FlagDay! Today, let’s remember what our flag stands for: equality, opportunity, freedom and refuge for so many persecuted and ‘huddled masses yearning to breathe free.’ It’s up to each and every one of us to make sure we’re living up to the values our flag stands for.UPDATE: 40 senators now support our bill to bar children from being taken from their parents at the border. We’re continuing to ask Republican senators to join our bill. If you’re represented by a Republican senator, please ask them to cosponsor S.3036. #FamiliesBelongTogetherThis is a fundamental issue for everything we stand for as a country. How can we do this? We have a bill. The Senate should be allowed to debate it and express its view on this inhumane practice of separating immigrant families at the border. We can put an end to this right now. https://t.co/qY4zwmQtFKCongratulations to San Francisco’s new mayor-elect, London Breed. I’m proud that another woman will lead our City, and I look forward to working with her!We're urging the Trump administration to defend protections for Americans pre-existing conditions. If the Trump administration position wins in court, insurance companies would again be able to deny coverage to those with pre-existing conditions. https://t.co/Sfgh5KCLmMThe Trump administration is refusing to defend protections for Americans with pre-existing conditions in court. Republicans would take health care away from millions of Americans. Democrats want to protect and expand access to health care.Immigrant children should not be taken from their parents.  Call your senator and ask them to support S. 3036 to #KeepFamiliesTogetherUPDATE: 38 senators now support our legislation to prevent children being taken from their parents at the border. We’re building momentum to end this horrific practice. Please ask your senators to support us!Today we remember the 49 murdered and 53 wounded, largely from Orlando’s LGBT community of color, at the Pulse nightclub two years ago. Lawmakers have an obligation to stand up to the gun lobby and pass laws that would help prevent mass shootings. https://t.co/5FwrMkmJ0UThere is no law that requires children be removed from their parents. That’s the policy choice of the Trump administration. If he won’t end this horrific policy, Congress must. https://t.co/mq4cemRnsLThe United States must not be a country that traumatizes young children by separating them from their parents. All parents know the sound of their children calling out to them in the night. It’s reprehensible that these calls are going unanswered because of Pres. Trump’s policiesWATCH NOW: Press conference on the “Keep Families Together Act,” our bill to prevent the Trump administration from separating immigrant families at the border. https://t.co/6oV4J7AhWhCongress has a moral obligation to take a stand and say that families should not be separated. Many of these families are fleeing terrible violence, traveling thousands of miles on foot to file an asylum claim and save their lives. To traumatize them further is unconscionable.I’m very troubled by President Trump’s antics following the G7 summit. The United States and Canada share much more than a 5,500-mile border: we share common values and interests, and have one of the strongest bilateral partnerships in the world. https://t.co/EQeinr8LXPThis generation has energy and momentum that I’ve never seen before when it comes to pushing for commonsense gun reform. I’m excited to see these young people continuing their advocacy. Join March for Our Lives LA tomorrow, 6/12, to say #EnoughIsEnough. https://t.co/XK5mrZM4l6An accurate count of everyone living in the United States is vital to our democracy. Adding a question designed to depress participation in certain communities is an assault on the foundations of this country. https://t.co/wPADFQAaa7President Trump’s antics are clearly alienating our closest allies, undermining our national interests and security. It’s time the president recognizes that our allies are invaluable, they’re not temporary business partners he can bully and insult. https://t.co/hzDXAE8zsA#NetNeutrality protects small businesses and innovators in California by ensuring they have a level playing field online. The @FCC repeal will gut those protections. #SaveTheInternetYoung children have been taken from their parents’ arms and federal law enforcement hasn’t given parents even the most basic information about their children’s whereabouts. These traumatic separations may cause lasting harm to the children involved. https://t.co/Rfrm99jPtuKeeping #NetNeutrality means consumers get to choose what websites and applications they see online. Today, the @FCC’s repeal of #NetNeutrality goes into effect, but the fight for a free and open internet continues in the House. #SaveTheInternetThe future of the internet is at stake. We need to maintain pressure on the @FCC’s #NetNeutrality repeal. I was proud to have vote against repeal last month. Now I urge my House colleagues to follow suit!Today, the @FCC’s repeal of #NetNeutrality goes into effect, but the fight for a free and open internet continues. The Senate already voted to #SaveTheInternet, now it’s up to the House.55 years ago JFK signed the #EqualPayAct into law mandating equal pay for equal work. Today, women in California still earn just 88 cents to every dollar men make. Let’s not wait another half century before we pass the #PaycheckFairnessActHappy #Pride, Los Angeles and Sacramento! I wish everyone a safe and happy weekend as we celebrate the progress we’ve achieved and continue our work toward full equality.Looking forward to collecting on our wager, @SenSherrodBrown and @SenRobPortman. A valiant effort from your @Cavs...there's always next year! #DubNation @WarriorsAnother amazing season for the @Warriors! So proud that KD, Steph and the whole team brought the title back home where it belongs. What a dynasty! #DubNation175 hospitals in California rely on the 340B Drug Pricing Program to provide crucial services to the uninsured and low-income patients in their communities. I’m asking the Senate HELP Committee to maintain this vital program. https://t.co/l35gCfcexmIndia is taking a decisive step toward solving our world’s massive problem with single-use plastics.  8 million metric tons of plastic end up in our oceans every year. Very glad to see the world’s fastest growing economy taking action. #WorldOceansDay
https://t.co/Z15U4bRyBnBREAKING: I’ve introduced our bill to keep immigrant children from being separated from their parents. 32 senators are taking a stand and making clear that we have a moral obligation to stop this horrific policy. #FamiliesBelongTogetherToday the Judiciary Committee advanced a judicial nominee, Ryan Bounds, without support from either of his home-state senators. This has NEVER happened before. It’s yet another example of Republicans breaking the rules to stack our federal courts.(3/3) The stamp was designed by Ethel Kessler, herself a breast cancer survivor. Ask for it at the post office and join the fight against breast cancer. It’s an easy way to really make a difference! https://t.co/9vAbn1JhGD(2/3) The study is the largest precision cancer medicine trial ever &amp; received $4.5 million in funding from the Breast Cancer Stamp. The stamp is sold with an 11 cent surcharge that goes toward research. To date, this stamp has raised more than $86 million for breast cancer.(1/3) Great to hear new research shows that many women with breast cancer can now safely avoid the difficult side-effects of chemotherapy without lowering survival rates. Excellent new study initially funded by the Breast Cancer Research Stamp. https://t.co/zPFyPzDNA7News that President Trump is ignoring counterintelligence procedures by using unsecured cell phones is unacceptable. This leaves him and the U.S. government open to hacking and surveillance. We’re calling for a threat assessment to determine the president’s exposure. https://t.co/u5JCYMr7qo#NetNeutrality will officially end on Monday. The Senate has done its part, all we need to #SaveTheInternet is for Speaker Ryan to schedule a vote before the deadline! https://t.co/XljQJiFEKyIt was great meeting with Californians visiting Washington! It’s a pleasure to get to work every day on behalf of our great state and all of you. I hope everyone enjoyed hearing about the latest work my staff and I are doing on issues that matter to Californians. https://t.co/wz7F5Lr7XHImmigrants and refugees have made important contributions to California and our country. This #ImmigrantHeritageMonth, let’s honor our history as a nation of immigrants.Thomas Farr, one of President Trump’s judicial nominees, has a long record of opposing civil rights and supporting voter suppression. He’s not fit to be a federal judge. #CourtsMatterPresident Trump’s judicial nominee, Thomas Farr, defended North Carolina's 2013 voter suppression law. When the Fourth Circuit struck down the law, the court described it as targeting African American voters with "almost surgical precision." #CourtsMatter74 years later and we still owe a debt of gratitude to the brave soldiers who took part in #DDay. In a time of dire need, young men from across the country answered the call to serve their country. Their selfless sacrifice turned the tide of a war and safeguarded our freedom.Thomas Farr, a President Trump judicial nominee, led the defense of North Carolina’s discriminatory voter suppression law. When struck down, the Fourth Circuit called the law “the most restrictive voting law North Carolina has seen since the era of Jim Crow.” #CourtsMatterMany immigrant stories from the past aren’t so different from those of families striving to make a better life in America today.  #FamiliesBelongTogether #ImmigrantHeritageMonth#ImmigrantHeritageMonth is a great time to remember that America’s history celebrates the many immigrants who made the United States their home and helped shape our country. Immigrants and refugees make us stronger.50 years ago we lost Robert F. Kennedy to a senseless act of violence. We would do well to remember his message of compassion and dogged determination to help the disadvantaged live with dignity in our country.Plastics are wreaking havoc on our oceans. #WorldEnvironmentDay is a good reminder to think about ways you can help by reducing your waste footprint. https://t.co/B3YlxEZi3W4/4 We’ve almost finished writing a bill to stop this heinous practice, but we’re going to need everyone’s help to move it. Anyone who has ever had a child knows the relationship between child and family. We simply can’t let this continue.3/4 To keep children in huge buildings, behind fences, with no contact with their families, that’s not the way of the United States of America. Every one of us must stand up and say we’re not going to allow this to continue. It revolts me.2/4 Consider this: A child wakes up, terrified, no familiar faces around. He cries out in terror, but mom and dad can’t comfort him, they’re detained elsewhere. This must be absolute hell on earth for these children, and it’s immoral.1/4 One thing I never thought this country would do is separate young children from their families, but that’s what’s happening at the border. That’s why we’re introducing a bill this week to put an end to this.We’re calling for more funding in the #FarmBill to help our growers meet today’s challenges. Research helps protect Calif. crops from diseases, pests &amp; other food production hurdles. Unfortunately, only a small percentage of these vital projects receive funding. We can do better. https://t.co/HRhynNbaNwI hosted a dinner in 2016 with my husband Dick Blum for the 49ers glory team, and were delighted to have Dwight Clark and former owner Eddie DeBartolo attend. It was a great evening with those legends responsible for starting a dynasty https://t.co/gXKwYv9CfEDwight’s death comes close to that of “The Genius” Bill Walsh, who designed and implemented the West Coast offense. I say this as a long-time fan, through thick and thin. https://t.co/rxy8rSKxR2I was present in the stadium for “The Catch” in 1981, which began the glory days of the San Francisco 49ers with five Super Bowl victories. What a great team! https://t.co/kUm9bmvtimHeartbroken to hear of 49ers star Dwight Clark’s passing. Though he’ll certainly be remembered for his accomplishments on the field, I’ll always remember his charisma and the will to overcome ALS. My thoughts are with his family. He’ll be missed, remembered and admired forever.I agree with Justice Department regulations issued during the Nixon administration—a president can’t pardon himself.  No one—including the president—is above the law.Two-thirds of @NatlParkService land overseen by the Pacific West Regional Office is located in Calif. Moving the office to a far corner of the region will make it harder to effectively administer the region’s parks, potentially offsetting any cost savings. https://t.co/Up2mvt7xc1.@Dicks Sporting Goods has been a leader in taking commonsense steps in response to gun violence. They're proof you can SUCCESSFULLY do business as a gun seller w/out selling assault weapons or to anyone under 21. I hope more companies follow their lead. https://t.co/aC4GdIK1v4Retaliation by Canada, Mexico and the E.U. will hit our growers hard on top of the tariffs China has already put in place. This is quickly becoming a dangerous trade war with no plan in sight from our president.The Trump administration still hasn’t developed a plan to help California farmers hurt by the trade war with China. Now the president is placing new tariffs on Canada, Mexico and the E.U. Our growers shouldn’t pay the price for President Trump’s poorly thought out trade wars. https://t.co/DXBDJ1JeO9Republicans often profess that every American should be able to see the doctor of their choice, but they have a different standard when it comes to women’s health care. Women who know and trust Planned Parenthood should be able to visit Planned Parenthood.Planned Parenthood provides basic health care like birth control and cancer screenings to more than 700k patients in CA under Title X. A new Trump admin. policy would bar these patients from going for these basic health care services. It’s political &amp; it’s disgusting. @PPActionCALast week’s resounding vote to legalize abortion in Ireland shows that access to health care for women is not a political issue. Men and women together voted to ensure women can make their own choices about their bodies and their health care.Happy #Pride Month! Let’s recognize the diversity, dignity and strength of the LGBT community as we celebrate. We’ve made some real strides toward ending discrimination, but we have a lot more work to do before full equality is a reality for everyone.Currently, @HUDgov policies bar Native American veterans from living in tribal housing. Tribes shouldn’t have to choose between building much-needed housing for their population or solely for vets. This is a no cost regulatory fix that will help tribes better serve our veterans. https://t.co/mmB2au40bEI #WearOrange because we owe it to young people to make schools places of learning and not sites of tragic gun violence. We can do better. We can ban bump-stocks, expand background checks and ban assault weapons. Let’s get weapons of war off our streets &amp; make schools safe again.The Trump administration’s latest effort to bar patients from Planned Parenthood is a new low in their efforts to roll back women’s reproductive rights. President Trump, Republicans in Congress and their political base want to take women back to the days before Roe v. Wade.Because #FamiliesBelongTogether, I’m working on legislation that would bar the separation of immigrant children from their parents. America should not be a country that traumatizes young children.Congress has steadfastly funded the modernization of our nuclear stockpile and its infrastructure over the last 8 years. The low-yield submarine-launched ballistic missile is an additional, unnecessary expense that our own military says it doesn’t need to deter Russia.Gen. John Hyten, the commander of U.S. Strategic Command, testified before Congress, “I have everything I need today to deter Russia from doing anything against the United States of America. We're fully ready against any threat that exists today, without a doubt.”New nuclear weapons are unnecessary. We already possess enough to destroy the planet several times over and are undergoing a $1.7 trillion modernization of our existing arsenal. New nuclear weapons would be on top of that enormous expense.Congress is about to give President Trump a dangerous new nuclear weapon, a low-yield submarine-launched ballistic missile that is small enough to be used on a battlefield. This is a mistake, and I strongly oppose it. There is no winning a nuclear war.Separating young children from their parents could harm them for life. Many of these families are fleeing terrible violence at home and come to this country to file an asylum claim. To terrorize them further is unconscionableTraumatizing young immigrant children and their parents is a new low. This is not who we are as a nation. History will not be kind to us if we don’t speak out and end this shameful policy.Challenge accepted! @SenKamalaHarris and I are going all in with the #DubNation! We’re betting you and @senrobportman a case of California chardonnay and some @AnchorBrewing beer the championship once again comes home to the Bay Area. https://t.co/xDMfWd6GfiWe’re calling on @USGAO to investigate the economic impact of sexual harassment in the workplace so we can understand its true cost. https://t.co/Y07QcFyvZjSeparating children from their parents as a form of punishment is shameful. This is not what the United States of America should be. We should be a country that shows compassion and treats the vulnerable with dignity, not one that traumatizes young children.Must read by @NickKristof These stories are devastating. Shockingly, they're becoming a common experience at our border. This shameful practice of separating young children from parents must be brought to an end &amp; I’m working on a bill to do just that. 
https://t.co/Tau5xWEUIbPresident Trump thinks trade wars are easy to win, but unless he reverses course, it will be American consumers, workers and families who lose.The president claims he’s acting to protect American jobs, but his misguided trade policies are instead endangering the jobs of thousands of Californians, from longshoremen and manufacturers to agriculture workers and construction workers.The Trump administration is now announcing steel tariffs on our closest trade partners and allies. Almost 25 percent of the steel and aluminum imported in the United States comes through California’s ports, generating more than $4 billion in trade activity.California has borne the brunt of President Trump’s global trade war as countries retaliate with tariffs on our products. California farmers are being hit particularly hard.It’s hard to conceive of a policy more horrific than separating children from their parents. I’m working on legislation that would prevent the intentional separation of immigrant families. Congress has a moral obligation to take a stand here.Our drug overdose and opioid epidemic requires a comprehensive approach. The Substance Abuse Prevention Act would ensure drug prevention and treatment programs continue. https://t.co/t8RQcC9FRNOur bipartisan bill would give DEA the ability to factor in abuse and overdose data when deciding the quantity of drugs to allow onto the market. This policy would ensure legitimate access to pain meds while cracking down on abuse.One driver of the opioid epidemic is the refusal of distributors and manufacturers to report suspicious orders by pharmacies. Our bill would provide the DEA with new tools to enforce reporting of suspicious opioid orders.The drug overdose epidemic is a national crisis. 64,000 Americans were killed by drug overdoses in 2016—more than during the entire Vietnam War. The Judiciary Committee recently passed five bills to address this epidemic. Learn more: https://t.co/t8RQcC9FRNThe wage gap for women only gets worse for moms of color. It’s outrageous that in 2018 having a child and being a woman of color impacts your pay. It’s time to close the #WageGap once and for all, #MomsEqualPay now! https://t.co/AGUOlu3lm6Mothers have to work from January 2017 until May 30, 2018 to be paid what fathers were paid in 2017 alone—nearly half a year more. 71 cents for every dollar dads are paid is terrible. #MomsEqualPayThe wage gap increases for women when they have children. In contrast, men earn more when they have children.  We can’t let tired, old stereotypes about family responsibilities hold women back. #MomsEqualPay https://t.co/a6pLyM3lAIThis #MemorialDay while you enjoy the day with friends and family I hope everyone can take a moment to thank all servicemen and women who paid the ultimate price in the name of our freedoms. https://t.co/6PJPpEwdKqToday we remember those brave men and women who gave their lives in the name of our country. Every one of us today owes them a debt we can never repay. https://t.co/IwtsdqgYeWI’m proud to be a cosponsor of the PAST act. Soring, the infliction of pain on the legs and hooves of horses to create an exaggerated, artificial show gait, is a cruel and inhumane practice. I’m hopeful this bill will close the remaining loopholes to end this once and for all.Fuel economy standards are required to be as strong as the technology will allow. I helped write that law. That’s why new cars are on target to get more than 50 miles to the gallon in 2025. The American people deserve nothing less.DOT and EPA owe it to the American people to work with California and save the fuel economy standards. I’ve told them that. The auto industry has told them that. The president has told them that. What are they waiting for?President Trump and Vice President Pence last week launched one of their most extreme, and harmful attacks on women’s reproductive health. We won't stand for it. #NoGagRule #TitleXWomen in California and across the country rely on #TitleX for basic health care. Planned Parenthood alone represents 31% of Title X clinics in California and 69% of patients. President Trump’s need for a political win is jeopardizing women’s health.When you’re filling up at the pump this weekend, remember that the fuel economy standards are important. New cars could get more than 50 mpg by 2025, but Pres. Trump is thinking about freezing average gas mileage in place instead. That’s not going to cut it for California.My thoughts are with the students and families affected by the shooting at Noblesville West Middle School. It’s alarming our gun violence epidemic has spread to middle schools. We owe it to the young people of this country to put an end to gun violence and make them safe again.In California in 2015, 353 family planning clinics received #TitleX funding. They provided care to more than 1 million women. President Trump's decision to block trusted clinics from the program is a blatant attack on women’s health and freedom.Mare Island Naval Cemetery serves as the final resting place for 800 of our country’s heroes. Sadly, its current state isn’t a worthy tribute to those buried there. Our bill makes sure that the cemetery will fall under the V.A., ensuring it will be maintained for generation. https://t.co/646iXX4GAFI’m elated that Senator Murkowski and I were able to include funding to reinstate USDA’s Annual Floriculture Report in committee. This report is essential to America’s flower farmers, especially growers in California!
https://t.co/bZvy5c3w5wThe intentional separation of children from their parents is absolutely horrific. The United States must not be a country that terrorizes children to punish their parents.  https://t.co/XGJOac9QMDAnother constituent breakfast in the books! It was a genuine pleasure to hear from some of California’s organic farmers about the challenges they face today. And thank you @Pepperdine for stopping by on your annual trip to Washington, it’s always a delight to see you. https://t.co/dbPIQg51GGDespite the spin efforts by @CadizWater, a recent peer-reviewed scientific study adds to the body of evidence that Bonanza Spring is fed by the very aquifer that Cadiz plans to pump from. Desert flowers, tortoises and Joshua trees are all dependent on that spring for life.The Dept. of the Interior, USGS and now a former water district manager all agree: @CadizWater plans to pump an unsustainable amount of water from a vital Mojave Desert aquifer. This company’s unsurpassed greed threatens to destroy a delicate ecosystem.True commitment to tortoise preservation would be abandoning efforts to drain an aquifer vital to desert tortoises living in the 1.6 million-acre Mojave National Preserve. https://t.co/3EpPpesuVpPresident Trump and Speaker Ryan touted @HarleyDavidson while selling the #GOPTaxPlan. But now the company is enriching its shareholders instead of protecting American jobs.Pres. Trump’s withdrawal from the nuclear summit with North Korea is unsurprising. This president has shown a preference for bluster and showmanship over hard-nosed diplomacy. This is the unfortunate outcome of an insufficiently planned summit. https://t.co/MjAgp8dYuXIt was wonderful seeing the current 8th grade class from my alma mater, @SacredHeartSF, on their trip to Washington. I still believe my time at Sacred Heart prepared me to pursue my goals with confidence and I think back on my time there fondly. See you next year girls! https://t.co/sj2lwTE5kLIt’s unconscionable that this administration would question the eligibility of LGBT persons to claim asylum. 72 countries effectively outlaw same-sex relations and many lack adequate protections against violence. These people should be offered protection, not more discrimination.A decade ago, the U.S. economy was on the brink of collapse. Banks were teetering. Unemployment was skyrocketing. Millions of jobs were lost. Trillions of dollars in savings evaporated. That’s the context Dodd-Frank was passed in &amp; I find it unthinkable Congress has weakened it.It’s extraordinary that Congress would roll back regulations passed under Dodd-Frank designed to prevent another financial crisis. 10 years after the worst financial crisis since the Great Depression and we’ve already forgotten the lessons of 2008.These majestic creatures can spend more than 90% of their lives underground, so consider yourself lucky if you spot one wandering around @JoshuaTreeNP or @MojavePres!
https://t.co/XJZ9sOHYexHappy #WorldTurtleDay! California’s Desert Tortoise can live for 50 to 100 yrs, probably thanks to its relaxed lifestyle – it moves at the thrilling speed of 0.2 MPH!
https://t.co/zKcmnLCHOJPresident Trump is attacking women’s health for cheap political points. Make no mistake, this is about denying women access to basic health information. #NoGagRuleA new low for this administration—a rule banning women’s health providers who receive family-planning funding from even discussing abortion services. Women should never be denied access to the doctors they know and trust. #NoGagRuleIf you are a #DACA recipient visit https://t.co/6qLxIIufqg and find all of the resources you need to know about your renewal process. #HereToStayAll #DACA recipients should check to see whether they are eligible to renew their status. Visit https://t.co/6qLxIIufqg for help navigating the process. #HereToStayFind out if you can renew your #DACA TODAY! https://t.co/6qLxIIufqg has a list of resources to help Dreamers figure out if they qualify to renew. #HereToStayThis administration’s lack of compassion could not be more clear: separating immigrant mothers from their children, detaining pregnant women and curbing the ability of women fleeing domestic violence to receive asylum. We should all be troubled by these actions.I stand with the my colleagues in demanding Pres. Trump respect the rights of vulnerable immigrants making their way to the U.S. Stop separating families. Stop detaining pregnant women. Treat immigrants and asylum seekers with dignity and empathy. We must live up to our values.It’s cruel and inhumane for President Trump’s administration to separate young children from their mothers. To separate families to deter immigrants, many of whom are fleeing terrible violence, flies in the face of everything America stands for.Special Counsel Mueller must be allowed to follow the facts and the law wherever they lead without interference or delay. Rod Rosenstein must protect the Special Counsel investigation as he promised Congress.Independent investigations are essential to the proper functioning of a democracy. Fidelity to the rule of law is the bedrock of our democracy.Republicans have shown a willingness to disclose sensitive information, distort facts and undermine Special Counsel Mueller’s investigation. The independence of law enforcement shouldn’t be sacrificed for political gain.Holding a partisan meeting on highly-classified information puts an active criminal investigation and national security sources at risk. The fact that this meeting would be done in a partisan fashion demonstrates that this is nothing but political calculations at their worst.The White House demand that the Justice Department share highly-classified information for a partisan briefing of Republican Members of Congress is alarming. All Americans should be concerned.The president’s contempt for the rule of law must be countered. No man is above the law – including the president. The independence of law enforcement investigations from political interference must not be up for negotiation.The president is now demanding information about an open and ongoing criminal investigation. Neither the president nor his staff should be reviewing sensitive information about an open investigation, let alone one into his own campaign.President Trump’s repeated attempts to undermine the Special Counsel’s investigation are unprecedented.There’s no greater injustice than a false conviction. Kevin Cooper has been on death row for 30 years. If DNA evidence could exonerate him by proving that he was not at the scene of the crime, more testing should be done now! https://t.co/aA0tMJUJiOLibby Schaaf is a good friend and dedicated public servant. She is committed to serving the people of Oakland and should not be subjected to mean-spirited attacks from those who have always stood firmly against the rights of immigrants.On #HarveyMilkDay, we celebrate Harvey’s commitment to social justice and equality for all. He was our first openly gay elected official in California, but happily, not the last. We’ve made great progress since 1978 and we’ll continue to defend those gains from being rolled back.Strong, qualified leadership is absolutely vital to fulfilling the EPA’s mission. It’s troubling that the Trump administration chose a former oil industry spokesman who has defended oil spills and questioned climate change to lead the work here as the Region 9 administrator.I’m concerned about Mr. Stoker’s apparent reluctance to work from the EPA regional headquarters in San Francisco. Working remotely is unacceptable. We need someone totally engaged and committed to protecting our environment.
https://t.co/cG3a3uTQWHIt’s always a pleasure meeting with @WesternGrowers and discussing how we can find solutions to the labor shortage growers face today. My bill to provide ag workers a legal way to work in this country is a big first step toward fixing this problem. https://t.co/BPnhd4cRJ74% of the world’s population

42% of the world’s guns 

31% of mass shootings

216 school shootings since Columbine. 

These statistics should horrify every American.We have a gun violence epidemic in this country that can only be addressed with commonsense gun reform.Our schools should be sanctuaries and places of learning. Santa Fe had an active-shooter plan and armed resource officers, but a shooter was still able to kill eight students and two teachers. The best way to make our schools safe is to strengthen our gun safety laws.Gun violence is a uniquely American epidemic &amp; the number of students affected continues to grow. We can’t sit idly by as our children are being killed by gun violence. The time for an assault weapons ban, universal background checks,“red-flag” laws &amp; a ban on bump stocks is NOW!Over 20,000 foster youth age out of the system each year with no place to call home. Every child deserves a forever family. Visit https://t.co/S6eLcFXWxT to learn more about adopting from foster care.Over 62,000 U.S. foster kids are currently eligible for adoption and waiting for their forever family.  Visit https://t.co/S6eLcFXWxT to learn how you can help.May is #NationalFosterCareMonth.  It’s a great time to honor foster parents and mentors, and recognize the children in our communities who need us the most.  Great ways to get involved @NationalCASA and @AdoptUSkids.The Justice Department is not an arm of the White House. The Justice Department is independent and serves the American people. Its job is to follow the facts and the law. Law enforcement investigations must be initiated and carried out free from political interference.The president's statement indicating that he will order the Justice Department to investigate the FBI could not be more disturbing and reiterates his deep contempt for the rule of law.Title X funded clinics like Planned Parenthood empower women to make informed decisions about their health. Defunding Planned Parenthood would inevitably reduce access to quality health care, disproportionately affecting the uninsured, underinsured and low-income Americans.Make no mistake. The Trump administration is engaged in an all-out attack on women’s access to health care. They don’t believe women should be able to see the doctors and nurses they know and trust. It’s truly shameful.Our Judiciary Committee investigation is not over. Several significant questions remain unanswered about the June 9 Trump Tower meeting and the numerous other contacts between the Trump campaign and Russian associates.26 witnesses have refused to cooperate with the Judiciary Committee’s investigation into Russian interference and potential obstruction of justice. That's why our investigation must continueWe should expand access to health care, not barring patients from seeing doctors they trust so the president can fulfill his campaign promises. Title X funded health centers like Planned Parenthood provide essential health care to low-income, uninsured and underinsured patients.Every dollar invested in the Title X family planning program saves more than seven dollars in Medicaid costs. The only reason to bar trusted providers like Planned Parenthood is an ideological attack at the expense of women’s health. It’s despicable.Preliminary finding from @JudiciaryDems investigation: Donald Trump Jr. provided incomplete testimony about the President’s role in the drafting of his statements about the June 9 meeting. Learn more: https://t.co/JYBA1bBBgyPreliminary finding from @JudiciaryDems investigation: When the June 9 meeting did not turn out as expected, Trump campaign officials became “agitated,” “very frustrated,” and “instantly lost interest.” Learn more: https://t.co/JYBA1bk0p0Our children are being shot and killed in their schools. In no other country would this be allowed to continue. We need stronger gun safety laws in this country and we need them now. #GunControlNowQuestions remain about the extent of the president’s involvement in, and knowledge of, the June 9th Trump Tower meeting. https://t.co/8PzxDmf31EDonald Trump Jr. stated that he couldn’t remember who the blocked number was, or whether President Trump had a blocked number. Corey Lewandowski testified to the House Intel Committee that President Trump did in fact have a blocked number at his home. https://t.co/1f8Pbjw1kVDonald Trump Jr responded eagerly to offers of damaging information on Clinton from Russian associates. Not only did he immediately follow up, phone records show he also had calls with a blocked number and doesn't recall who he was talking to or what they discussed. https://t.co/eetBeFHh4iThe Trump admin has announced an undisguised attempt to shut down Planned Parenthood. It’s shameful to attack a trusted health care provider that’s the only provider of reproductive health care in many communities. We stand with Planned Parenthood today and every day.#StandWithPP https://t.co/iaexNUlACsYet another American community has been devastated by a barrage of gunfire. Yet another community has been forever changed by deadly violence in their school. We have to act NOW!My heart goes out to the students of Santa Fe High School &amp; their families. Every time this happens, I feel sick to my stomach. Only in America are school shootings normal. Only in America will we do nothing when an epidemic of gun violence is killing children. This has to stop.There are 22 indictments after only one year of investigating. The Sen. Judiciary Committee’s preliminary findings also show there are still many questions unanswered. Robert Mueller’s investigation must not be interfered with. #FollowTheFactsMueller’s investigation has produced: 

22 indictments

4 are for former Trump campaign officials: (Flynn, Manafort, Gates and Papadopoulos)

3 of those 4 have pleaded guilty and are cooperating

1 who hasn’t, Manafort, faces up to 90 years in prison if convicted

#FollowTheFactsGlad to have the support of @milkandhoneyspa for the Personal Care Products Safety Act! It’s long past time to better protect public health and give companies certainty by updating safety rules for personal care products.Thanks for joining the coalition Milk+Honey! #safeproductsI voted NO on Gina Haspel’s nomination. Her record on torture, the lack of transparency regarding her role in the torture program, and the implications of her nomination for America’s reputation at home and abroad demanded a NO vote.Nominees’ refusal to say that #BrownVBoard was correctly decided should be profoundly troubling to all Americans.  Current justices of the Supreme Court have answered this question clearly and there’s no reason these nominees cannot. #CourtsmatterOn the 64th anniversary of the Supreme Court’s historic decision in Brown v. Board, the Senate Judiciary Committee is considering two nominees who would not state that the decision ending racial segregation in schools was correctly decided. That’s disturbing.#Ramadan Mubarak to all who are celebrating in California and around the world! Wishing you and your loved ones many blessings during this holy month.Immigrants are not “animals.” The president’s statement was deeply offensive and racist. Immigrants are our family and friends and they make significant contributions to our country.Great news: The Senate voted 52-47 to overturn the FCC's decision to repeal #netneutrality. We're one step closer to ensuring a free and open internet.Recognition of Jerusalem as the capital should've been resolved during broader peace negotiations where both sides benefit. Instead, the president’s decision has sparked violence and led the Palestinians to believe the United States is no longer an honest broker to this conflict. https://t.co/xwAPwSYYSRPreliminary finding from @JudiciaryDems investigation: Donald Trump Jr. and the White House misled the public about the June 9 meeting with Russians and other campaign contacts with Russia. Learn more: https://t.co/JYBA1bk0p0Preliminary finding from @JudiciaryDems investigation: Trump campaign officials did not report the offer of Russian assistance to proper authorities. Learn more: https://t.co/JYBA1bk0p0Preliminary finding from @JudiciaryDems investigation: Top campaign officials Donald Trump Jr., Paul Manafort, and Jared Kushner accepted the offer of incriminating information on the campaign’s opponent from a hostile foreign government. Learn more: https://t.co/JYBA1bk0p0Preliminary finding from @JudiciaryDems investigation: The Trump campaign was willing to accept Russia’s assistance. Learn more: https://t.co/JYBA1bk0p0The nomination of Gina Haspel is about reckoning with our history and grappling with our country’s mistakes. It's about making clear to the world that we accept responsibility for our mistakes and they will never be repeated. That's why I voted NO on her nomination.Outstanding questions include the full extent of the campaign’s involvement with Russia, whether campaign agreed to work with a hostile foreign power to influence the 2016 election, &amp; why the campaign &amp; President misled the American people about their relationships with Russia.These preliminary findings raise many significant questions about the June 9 meeting in Trump Tower &amp; other contacts between the Trump campaign &amp; Russian associates. The Sen. Judiciary Committee must thoroughly investigate these questions and follow the fact wherever they lead.The White House and Donald Trump Jr. misled the public about the June 9 meeting with Russians and other contacts with Russia. The extent of the president’s involvement in drafting Trump Jr.’s statement remains unknown despite initial claims that the president wasn’t involved. https://t.co/f0c0aB8ZmhWe know that top campaign officials, including Donald Trump Jr. and Jared Kushner, did NOT reject offers of election assistance from a hostile foreign government. In fact, they showed frustration that more damaging information wasn’t being produced. https://t.co/9QTGfzY3wW https://t.co/aKL4pE3TdHWe know The Trump campaign was eager to accept Russia’s assistance. The June 9 Trump Tower meeting was just one of interactions with Russian associates that Trump campaign officials eagerly followed up on. https://t.co/9QTGfzY3wW https://t.co/IglSUsF4fbWhile the Senate Judiciary Committee’s investigation remains incomplete and must continue, we have made some clear and preliminary conclusions regarding the Trump campaign’s effort to obtain incriminating information on Secretary Clinton from Russia. https://t.co/Sxg2bQmjcW https://t.co/T1Kpy8sk6OI’m deeply disappointed in Ambassador Haley’s remarks and her decision to block a U.N. inquiry into the deaths in Gaza. An independent investigation is absolutely necessary when more than 100 people have been killed in protests. https://t.co/ncnkqRW4caTrump administration officials are again ramping up their campaign against basic humanitarian protections for immigrant children traveling alone. Read my op-ed as to why these protections are #NotALoophole: https://t.co/1BkqLwysCuGreat op-ed by my friend @SenGillibrand on the need to guarantee paid family leave. Too many working mothers struggle to meet the demands of work and family. That's why I support the #FAMILYAct. https://t.co/p5Lz7YJZUBLack of power, clean water, adequate medical care and other essential services exacerbates the humanitarian situation in Gaza. I’m joining @SenSanders to call on Sec. Pompeo to intervene and put the full weight of the U.S. behind solutions to this crisis before conditions worsen. https://t.co/HGyxDznPBKJudges must follow the facts and the law, not an ideological agenda. Our @JudiciaryDems report looks at how many Trump circuit court nominees have had extremely ideological records.  https://t.co/dpJv89xyXQOur courts serve all Americans and federal judges should reflect our communities. President Trump’s nominees have not reflected the communities they will serve, reversing the trend we saw under President Obama. https://t.co/dpJv89xyXQPresident Trump’s efforts to stack federal courts will affect generations of Americans. Senate Republicans are ignoring Senate traditions they once championed to fill vacancies as quickly as possible. Learn more: https://t.co/dpJv89xyXQ #CourtsMatterThis #NationalALSAwarenessMonth we join together in the fight against this terrible disease.  Congress must continue to support research to learn about the causes and a cure for ALS. Tools like the National ALS registry are vital to helping researchers. https://t.co/B4x5g28CGwHave you signed up for an email alert about your new Medicare card? https://t.co/IjUuDLjA4v New cards will be in the mail soon.New Medicare cards are coming! Unlike the current design, these will not have your social security number printed on them to protect your identity. New cards will be automatically sent and you can sign up to get an alert when it’s in the mail. https://t.co/IjUuDLBaW3Gina Haspel was intimately involved in one of the darkest chapters of U.S. history, yet very little information has been made public about her actions. All senators deserve to see the results of the DOJ’s investigation into the destruction of the tapes. #UnlockDurhamReportThe Clean Air Act has improved our air quality for the last 50 years. It’s vital we protect it.  I will continue to advocate for funding and enforcement despite calls from the Trump administration to roll it back. https://t.co/VlPNnL5ymaThe Federal Reserve’s regional banks have extraordinary economic influence, yet diversity in the top ranks is lacking. Our bill ensures that female &amp; minority candidates are considered so the Federal Reserve’s leadership can better represent all Americans. https://t.co/jhCclGoVVHIn the aftermath of the U.S. embassy opening in Jerusalem, the Trump administration should state its unequivocal support for a two-state solution and work with our allies to restart peace talks between the Palestinians and Israelis. https://t.co/GwThGtKl9DPresident Trump's judicial nominees do not reflect our communities:

8% of U.S. attorney nominees are people of color.
8% of district court nominees are people of color.
11% of circuit court nominees are people of color.

Learn more: https://t.co/rGyoxWCITn #CourtsMatterSenate Republicans used the blue-slip tradition, which requires both home-state senators to sign off on judicial nominees, to block 18 Obama nominees. Now they have eliminated the guarantee that blue slips will be honored for Democrats: https://t.co/rGyoxWUjKV #CourtsMatterRelentless obstruction of President Obama’s judicial nominees allowed Senate Republicans to hand President Trump 112 vacancies on day 1 of his presidency. In contrast, President Obama entered office with just 53 vacancies. Our report: https://t.co/rGyoxWCITn  #CourtsMatterIn order to stack the courts for generations, Republicans are dismantling a Senate tradition that ensures consultation and consensus with home-state senators. Through advice and consent, the Senate is meant to be a check on the president, not a rubber stamp.Trump nominees have been incredibly young, allowing them to reshape our courts for generations. Nine of Pres. Trump’s first 15 confirmed circuit court nominees, or 60 percent, are in their 40s. By comparison, only one of Pres. Obama’s first 15 confirmed nominees was in their 40s.While Pres. Obama’s first circuit court nominees were approved with overwhelming bipartisan votes, Pres. Trump has largely put forward controversial nominees outside the mainstream. 10 of President Trump’s first 15 circuit court nominees were confirmed with fewer than 60 votes.With a Republican president, Senate Republicans are moving judicial nominees at breakneck speed.  President Trump’s first 15 circuit court nominees took half the time to confirm — an average of 131 days — compared to 254 days for President Obama’s first 15 circuit court nominees.The facts are clear: Senate Republicans are stacking our courts with nominees outside the mainstream. After eight years of unprecedented obstruction of President Obama’s nominees, they are remaking the courts in record time. Our report:  https://t.co/rGyoxWCITn  #CourtsMatterThankful to hear that law enforcement has the situation at Highland High School in Palmdale under control and a suspect in custody. My thoughts are with the students and community. No community should have to experience this fear.Circuit and district courts are final justice for most Americans, hearing ~400,000 cases per year. Republican efforts to stack the courts could affect civil rights, women’s rights and LGBT rights for generations by rolling back hard-fought progress.  https://t.co/rGyoxWCITnPresident Trump and Senate Republicans are stacking our courts at record-breaking speed. Nominees have been largely controversial and incredibly young, allowing them to shape our courts for generations. https://t.co/rGyoxWCITnBREAKING: @JudiciaryDems are out with a new report that details how President Trump and Republicans are rushing to remake our federal courts with ideological nominees who will serve for generations. https://t.co/rGyoxWCITn  #CourtsMatterThe torture program was illegal at the time based on international treaties the U.S. is signatory to, including the Convention Against Torture and Geneva Convention, but no one has ever been held accountable. Gina Haspel was intimately involved and should not lead the agency.Average Americans face unconscionable Rx drug prices but rather than fighting to help, President Trump gave the biggest companies a massive tax break – time for #ABetterDeal that lowers the cost of prescription drugs for seniors and families.Justice Dept. policy and federal law prohibit discrimination in hiring for career positions on the basis of political beliefs. We should be hiring the most qualified people possible for career positions, regardless of party. These allegations of bias must be investigated. https://t.co/3vqb2c6jywI will vote NO on the nomination of Gina Haspel. This nomination is bigger than one person. For the Senate to confirm someone so involved with the torture program to highest position at the CIA would in effect tell the world that we approve of what happened. I absolutely do not.Repealing #NetNeutrality means corporations profit and consumers suffer. In the 21st century, high-speed internet should be accessible to everyone, not a commodity only a few can afford.  #SaveTheInternet https://t.co/Im6yBoLlp1Without #NetNeutrality rules, massive corporations that can afford high-speed internet could smother small businesses that are stuck in the slow lane. America’s entrepreneurs need the internet to stay free and open. https://t.co/n88vpwdUO1Today, @SenateDems officially filed the petition that allows us to force a vote on the Senate floor to save #NetNeutrality. And with just #OneMoreVote from a Republican, we can secure a victory. https://t.co/92P9zlQmAISNAP helps millions of low-income working families and individuals put food on the table. The Republican farm bill will take this vital program away from many of the most vulnerable among us. Families shouldn’t have to choose between paying the bills or buying food. #HandsOffSNAP https://t.co/Q75bqpGB8kThe Republican farm bill will take food assistance away from millions of vulnerable people who rely on SNAP benefits, including children &amp; seniors. These proposed cuts to SNAP will force 2 million more people to go hungry. #HandsOffSNAP https://t.co/zGcGeCYYtfThe president’s desire to fulfill a campaign promise has diminished our nation’s credibility, weakening our standing in the world. Future diplomatic efforts, including with Iran and North Korea, will be more difficult after abandoning an agreement we led the world in negotiating.President Trump’s own Secretary of Defense, the U.S. intelligence community and the international inspectors all agree that Iran remains in full compliance of the nuclear agreement. There is absolutely no sound reason to exit at this time. https://t.co/YML9AyeyzIPresident Obama led the world in negotiating an agreement that prevents Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon. President Trump abandoned that leadership role, placing a wedge between us and our strongest allies. https://t.co/YML9AxWXIaDriftnets kill more dolphins and porpoises off the coast of California than the entire West Coast combined. Now, we can finally phase out their use in California’s waters, just like the rest of the country, and transition to more sustainable methods. https://t.co/7vMDPBdyZgI urge the president to reconsider and work with our partners to improve the deal we have today. Withdrawing may force the president to sanction our closest allies, and may give Iran pretext to violate the terms of the strongest nuclear agreement ever negotiated.Every concern President Trump cited about Iran (support for terrorism, human rights violations, destabilizing activities etc.) has just become much more difficult to address now that we no longer have an agreement that prevents Iran from ever obtaining a nuclear weapon.Despite the U.S. Intel Community and IAEA stating Iran is in compliance, the president decided to withdraw for concerns outside of Iran’s nuclear program. Addressing Iran’s support for terror and ballistic missile program will only be harder by alienating our partners and allies.A nuclear-armed Iran poses a grave threat to U.S. national security. The Iran agreement forever prohibits Iran from developing nuclear weapons &amp; by every account it is working. Withdrawing from the nuclear agreement may spark a nuclear crisis in the world’s most volatile region.Everything President Obama has done, this president wants to undo. An agreement that prevents Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon is one thing that should never be undone just to satisfy a campaign promise.It’s downright cruel to intentionally separate children from their parents as a way to punish immigrants, especially those seeking asylum. This policy betrays our values. We can’t lead the world on issues of human rights if we’re taking babies away from their mothers.Pres. Trump is expected to withdraw today from the most stringent nuclear weapons agreement ever negotiated. The ranking members of 12 Senate committees have sent the president a clear message: keep the agreement &amp; work with our allies to address Iran’s destabilizing behavior. https://t.co/j4AQJO6IM4#TeacherAppreciationWeek reminds us that funding Title II programs is so important. These programs allow educators to continue their professional development throughout their careers. We must invest in our teachers so our children can get a world-class education.Addressing Iran’s destabilizing actions, ballistic missile program and human rights violations would be harder if Iran ever obtains a nuclear weapon. https://t.co/5cofGOyyPrThe ranking members of 12 Senate committees today told the president that unilaterally withdrawing from the Iran nuclear agreement would be a strategic blunder and a threat to our national security. https://t.co/f6TcvIGdaDWe’re calling for full funding for Title II programs so we can give teachers the support and opportunities that will keep our best talent in public schools. Education is fundamental to a child’s success and we must invest in our teachers. #TeacherAppreciationWeek https://t.co/WJAiAIXL7BAn investor’s right to take corporations to court is essential to holding them accountable for any wrongdoing. Denying this right would allow big corporations to ignore the complaints of small investors and continue bad behavior without consequence. https://t.co/jh9utC3d0VTeachers have a lifelong effect on children. I have fond memories of Mother Mardel, my first teacher at Covenant of the Sacred Heart. She played a major role in my development and instilled a love of learning.  #TeacherAppreciationWeekHappy #TeacherAppreciationWeek to educators in California and across the country who dedicate their lives to teaching our children. We thank you for all you do for our next generation.80% of Americans believe we should be doing more, not less, to improve fuel efficiency &amp; cut emissions. There’s no good reason to try to roll back fuel economy standards now. https://t.co/vtJLET4X2qFuel economy standards are the biggest step we’ve taken to combat climate change. Current standards are cutting our greenhouse gas pollution by nearly 6 billion metric tons. By 2030, we’d cut our oil use by almost as much as we import from OPEC. https://t.co/vtJLET4X2qWe’re on target to increase the average fuel economy to nearly 39 mpg in 2020 and more than 50 mpg in 2025. But President Trump seems determined to undermine that progress. https://t.co/vtJLESNlDQWe’ve made a lot of progress in the fight against childhood cancer, but there’s a lot more work to do to boost survivor rates. https://t.co/9Q9zmng2gVI strongly oppose Chairman Grassley moving forward with a judicial nominee who does not have sign off from @RonWyden or @SenJeffMerkley. This has never happened in the modern history of the Senate. Republicans are going to unprecedented lengths to stack our courts. #CourtsMatterThe Trump administration wants to deport 50,000 Hondurans NOT for security reasons, but for politics. Returning people to countries where they’re likely to get killed is inhumane. My bill with Sens. Van Hollen and Cardin would grant a path to citizenship. https://t.co/WZo3kOE1K4We can stop this uniquely American scourge of gun violence by banning assault weapons, high-capacity magazines and bump stocks and raising the minimum age to purchase all firearms. The path forward is clear, and the time to act is now. #EnoughIsEnoughBanks and financial institutions are joining the growing chorus of Americans calling for checks on the gun industry, and I urge other banks to do the same. We can and must stop enabling gun violence. https://t.co/TsYnfRWWtLI’m heartened to see @Dicks Sporting Goods continue to take the lead in the business community on common sense #GunReform. High-capacity magazines and assault weapons have no place on our streets, nor do any guns in the hands of kids under the age of 21. https://t.co/qbO3C7szN3On Saturday @NASA launches InSight, its first interplanetary launch from the West Coast. This mission to Mars will send a rover to study the interior structure of the red planet. It could be visible for up to 10 million Californians! More info here: https://t.co/hqUrx95WXeThe current fuel economy standards are working, saving drivers money at the pump while reducing harmful greenhouse gas emissions. There's no reason for the Trump administration to weaken them now. Read my op-ed with @SenMarkey: https://t.co/vtJLET4X2qA free press is essential to speaking truth to power, to hold governments accountable for corruption and abuse. Our democracy wouldn’t exist without journalists free to do their work. Fight fake news this #WorldPressFreedomDay by reading quality journalism.Facts and truth are essential to democracy everywhere. Journalists in many countries take great risks to bring us these stories. On #WorldPressFreedomDay, read the incredible reporting that cost Kyaw Soe Oo and Wa Lone their freedom. https://t.co/rKQd0rYi4gOn #WorldPressFreedomDay, let’s remember the @Reuters journalists who are being jailed in Myanmar for reporting on the horrific treatment of the Rohingya people. It’s clear their arrests were politically motivated and we continue to call for their release. https://t.co/wMU4Nv2f4XThank you @ASAFishing for supporting our bill to protect vulnerable marine species from large mesh driftnets and transition to more sustainable methods of fishing. Together we can get harmful fishing gear out of our ocean! https://t.co/skySBGA2ETCelebrate Asian/Pacific American Heritage Month this May by learning about the Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders who helped define the US we know today https://t.co/VtBco0n4eI #APAHMThe CDC has warned of an E. coli outbreak affecting romaine lettuce grown near Yuma, Ariz. 90% of winter romaine comes from Yuma. Make sure you ask where your romaine was grown and if you’re uncertain, avoid it. E. coli can lead to serious illness &amp; death. https://t.co/r9jZMV26O2 https://t.co/zSEEyU7jOxI applaud the efforts by @Dicks Sporting Goods, @BankofAmerica and others to join the growing chorus saying #EnoughIsEnough when it comes to gun violence in the U.S. We’re calling on all banks to adopt gun safety policies for their business customers. https://t.co/TsYnfRWWtLIt's unacceptable that young children are being separated from their families at the border. Not only is it un-American and inhumane, but it has the potential to irreparably harm the child. This is not who we are. https://t.co/gAlZEh9da4The Education Department counts 23,800 homeless children in San Diego County. In contrast, HUD counts just 1,150 homeless children. It is off by a factor of 20! My bill, the Homeless Children and Youth Act, would ensure children and families are accurately counted. https://t.co/K9Z06sMW9hHomelessness is at crisis levels in California. According to the Department of Education, there are 267,000 homeless children statewide, 20 percent of all homeless children in the nation. In San Diego County alone there are 23,800 homeless children and youth. https://t.co/SyVu2pfaacI had a wonderful visit with students at the Monarch School in San Diego. Monarch students are experiencing homelessness, which hinders their ability to learn &amp; grow up healthy. Monarch is successful because it’s equipped to help the WHOLE child, not just their educational needs. https://t.co/el0HgSsRK4While it’s certainly good to hear that the president has delayed tariffs for our allies, California farmers have already been hit with retaliatory tariffs by China that are having very negative consequences.
https://t.co/3sGvri7hU8If Director Mulvaney used his position to solicit campaign contributions from lobbyists and bankers, that would be a serious violation of the Hatch Act. We must investigate this potential breach of the public’s trust.
https://t.co/QtY2lwzHqb20 million Americans gained coverage through the ACA and California’s uninsured rate went from 17 percent to 7 percent. Unfortunately, Republican sabotage efforts are causing the number of uninsured to spike. We must continue to fight to protect our health care! https://t.co/iWOnn1qdLvThough we’ve succeeded in blocking 4 Republican attempts to repeal the Affordable Care Act in the Senate, Republican sabotage of the law has taken a toll, with the rate of uninsured rising for the first time since the law was fully implemented. https://t.co/MNjxmCtnHeChildren and families fleeing horrific violence who reach our borders have a right to claim asylum. They have traveled thousands of miles and deserve to be treated humanely. #RefugeeCaravanThree out of every four families in need of housing benefits are turned away because of the lack of funding.They’re forced to sacrifice other basic needs like food, childcare and health care. This causes many to end up homeless on our streets. We MUST fight for #AffordableHousingAffordable homes are critical to pulling families out of poverty. We must invest in #affordablehomes to increase opportunity and give struggling Americans the help they need. #OurHomesOurVoicesBREAKING NEWS: California has brought a lawsuit against the EPA for throwing out a technical analysis that shows strong fuel economy standards are working. The Trump administration cannot ignore the science and the law. https://t.co/zUny35fUt6Having to choose between paying rent and buying food is unacceptable. So is proposing a rent hike of 300% for working families already struggling to keep a roof over their heads. We’re calling on HUD to reconsider this bad proposal.
#OurHomesOurVoices https://t.co/8O6mpPAbZeThe federal “coal ash” rule ensures this dangerous power plant byproduct is disposed of safely. The rule is necessary to combat the well-documented risks of coal ash landfills like cancer &amp; birth defects. We’re calling on the EPA to not endanger the public by weakening this rule. https://t.co/p119GIVbIPI agree with Senator Rubio, the #GOPTaxBill hasn’t helped American workers nearly as much as wealthy shareholders. This isn’t a surprise. It’s one of the many reasons I voted against the bill. https://t.co/dZiQ1nUlVV https://t.co/X28evZh0WhUnder the Trump administration, ICE is no longer prioritizing violent criminals for deportation. Instead, ICE is now indiscriminately rounding up immigrants for deportation, tearing apart families in the process. We can’t allow ICE to receive more money to expand these practices. https://t.co/Pvuh1h3hFeAmidst a growing opioid epidemic and increased overdoses of meth and cocaine, we must do everything we can to ensure a robust substance abuse prevention infrastructure is in place. Our bill would reauthorize existing programs and build on their successes. https://t.co/xr74wMDKgr@CecileRichards has been an incredible champion in the fight for women’s health and an exemplary leader of Planned Parenthood.  I appreciate her commitment to quality, affordable health care in the face of relentless attacks. #ThankYouCecile I can’t wait to see what you do next!All Americans who are fit and willing to serve our country in the military should be allowed to do so. It’s profoundly cruel to tell transgender individuals serving their country honorably that they are no longer welcome. #ProtectTransTroops https://t.co/ULKmENZTXDIn the past the Farm Bill provided comprehensive farm and food policy, but today this must-pass bill is being used to pass environmentally harmful policies. We hope the 2018 Farm Bill will address policy without destroying our planet in the process. https://t.co/z21ta2N6aK.@JetBlue ’s return after a decade is a great win for the Ontario Airport and the Inland Empire. This is a major milestone in the airport’s continued growth and exactly why we fought to return the airport to local control. https://t.co/KPNRk8SyuqThe Climate Change Education Act would promote climate literacy by broadening understanding of climate change, the consequences of climate change and potential solutions. Our first step toward confronting this threat to our planet is education.https://t.co/878LtbXqUSIn California, COPS funding has been used to fund programs for at-risk youth, hiring police officers, and in some areas, helped bring about a 50 percent reduction in violent crime and arrests. I am proud to support reauthorizing this important program. https://t.co/NEswQgTbExHUD should be helping low-income families across California and the U.S. find safe, quality housing at affordable rents. Increasing their rent by 300 percent is exactly the kind of predatory practice HUD was created to combat. We’re asking HUD why it thinks this is a good idea. https://t.co/oajAjvAEUlDo you know which vaccinations your child needs and when the best time to get them is? Use this CDC tool to find out and locate resources in your area. https://t.co/4Z9sXn7TDg #NIW #ivax2protect https://t.co/TPUBebEFmlIn the U.S., these nets are already banned in the Atlantic, Gulf of Mexico and off the coasts of Washington, Oregon, Alaska and Hawaii. However, they are still used off the coast of California. It’s time to phase them out and encourage more sustainable methods of fishing.Driftnets, often more than a mile in length, are left in the ocean overnight to catch swordfish and thresher sharks. Sixty other marine species, including whales, dolphins, sea lions, sea turtles, fish and sharks, can also become entangled in the nets, injuring or killing them.The use of one type of fishing gear in California - large mesh driftnets -  is killing more dolphins and porpoises than everywhere else on the West Coast combined. Our bipartisan bill will remove these harmful driftnets from our oceans. https://t.co/06fr7Ut8pGFiring Special Counsel Mueller without cause would violate Justice Department regulations, fly in the face of federal law and represent an incredibly dangerous abuse of power. It’s time we bring this bill before the full Senate for debate and a vote. https://t.co/5gl2ufdREGBryan Stevenson and @Eji_Org have built a powerful memorial to the thousands of victims of lynchings across the U.S. I hope we can look to our past and learn the devastating consequences of hatred and white supremacy. https://t.co/jlU3faWIu3Today, the National Memorial for Peace and Justice opens in Montgomery, Ala.  It documents our country’s history of white supremacy and lynchings, one of the least recognized atrocities in our past. This is a historic moment and an acknowledgement of a past often forgotten.Producer, mixers and engineers play a central role behind the scenes in the creation of music we all know and love. It’s time they’re able to collect the royalties they’ve worked so hard to earn. #WorldIPDay https://t.co/WRnz5UIM6nIsrael’s demolition of Palestinian schools won’t make the Israeli people safer. Cutting off a Palestinian child’s access to education will only encourage violence and extremism. https://t.co/ziivmOxYjlBREAKING: Good news! The Senate Judiciary Committee has voted to send the Special Counsel Independence and Integrity Act to the full Senate. This an important step to protect the special counsel from being fired.Giving your baby the recommended immunizations by age 2 is the best way to protect them from 14 serious childhood diseases, like whooping cough and measles. Find out more: https://t.co/M5QQZky9pT https://t.co/HW31aL6tmzThe sandy beaches and forested ridges of Point Reyes National Seashore are home to 1,000 different species of plants and animals, including more than 45% of North American birds, nearly 18% of California's plants, and 38 threatened or endangered species.#NationalParkWeek https://t.co/bAeTVVwOefDespite being eradicated in the U.S., America experienced a record number of measles cases during 2014 (667 cases in 27 states). Most patients were unvaccinated.  Important reminder that vaccinations are still critical!  https://t.co/s9ROmH9gYY https://t.co/czfcPdQ8XCThe safety of personal care products is an urgent public health issue for all Americans. Our skin is our largest organ. It absorbs chemicals in these products and we need to make sure they are safe. Thank you @KourtneyKardash for supporting our bill! (S.1113) #BeautyMadeBetter https://t.co/DGsFZ0p7UXSenators and the American public deserve to know whether the nominee for CIA director was involved in the agency’s torture program. So far, CIA responses to our requests have been unacceptable. https://t.co/MlPdfIxIJgA year into the ban and we still haven’t seen any evidence or facts to support the president’s claims that it’s necessary for our safety. Policies on immigration, refugees and national security should be fact-based not tweet-based. #NoMuslimBanEver https://t.co/pkvkDkRIBaContrary to this administration’s claim, the Muslim travel ban makes our country less safe. It fuels anti-American sentiment and endangers citizens and soldiers stationed abroad. #NoMuslimBanEver https://t.co/W81bc1tbXWI introduced 2 bills to rescind Pres. Trump’s blatantly discriminatory travel ban. Republicans refused to allow a vote on either one. I hope SCOTUS rules the ban unconstitutional &amp; makes clear to the president that discrimination based on religion will not stand. #NoMuslimBanEverThe Muslim travel ban blatantly discriminates against immigrants based on their religion. It’s an affront to the values of America. We’re a country founded on freedom of religion, not hate and discrimination. #NoMuslimBanEver