Today’s #FamiliesBelongTogether march was a powerful statement to President Trump that we will not back down until every last one of these kids is back in the arms of their parents. The march may be over, but we must keep speaking out and keep fighting as hard as we can. https://t.co/cebgSAKkB9I’ll be at the #FamiliesBelongTogether march tomorrow, adding my voice to the thousands refusing to sit back or stand down. Whether you march or tweet or call your members of Congress – do not stop. This is unprecedented cruelty, and we will match it with unprecedented action. https://t.co/UHLhUlSXg3I'll be on tonight's episode of @allinwithchris to talk about the future of the Supreme Court. Tune in around 8:15pm ET! https://t.co/cgBSp6h2DrWith a Supreme Court seat on the line, President Trump is desperate to reelect @RosenforNevada’s opponent to be a rubber stamp on his agenda. She needs our urgent support to fight back and win this race. Will you donate now to help Jacky flip #NVSen blue? https://t.co/XOoKfOPaChAcross the country, state legislatures have already made significant moves to limit a woman's access to abortion and contraception. Imagine what could happen with a Supreme Court justice who is in favor of overturning Roe v. Wade.I believe we need to protect families who need help, and ICE isn’t doing that. It has become a deportation force. We need to separate immigration issues from criminal justice. We need to abolish ICE, start over and build something that actually works. https://t.co/JtSN68k4FdI’m horrified by today’s shooting at the Capital Gazette. Journalists do vital work to further our democracy. They shouldn’t have to face this kind of violence in their own backyard. 

How many more communities must grieve until Congress summons up the courage to pass gun reform?Protesting to end family separation. https://t.co/hA6enBRKuWWith Justice Kennedy's retirement, there’s no doubt that women's reproductive freedom is on the ballot this fall. Between now and November 6th, do everything you can to help protect our most basic civil rights. https://t.co/mLqxg4nJFmWomen’s lives are at stake. I will fight for you to have a voice in the selection of our next Supreme Court justice, and I won’t ever stop fighting. Proud to join @WeDemandJustice in sending that message today. https://t.co/Bhg2YC2A3KAny one of President Trump's list of proposed SCOTUS justices would overturn Roe v. Wade and threaten our fundamental rights. I'll fight to make sure there are no hearings to replace Justice Kennedy until after the election. This is our democracy. Let’s fight like it. https://t.co/LqPkFrEtinThe President just said the next Supreme Court nominee WILL come from his list of 25 judges that passed his overturning Roe v. Wade litmus test. We need to say NO hearings before the election and work our hearts out and take back the Senate. 
https://t.co/9HzyIhLQeiNow that there is a vacancy, after the Garland heist, the balance of the court will be tilted even more against women's, workers', and civil rights for decades to come if the president nominates 1 of the 25 judges that passed his litmus tests. We need to #ditchthelist now. https://t.co/HRzSFErhLQIn an economy that is rigged in favor of the wealthy and powerful, unions strengthen our communities, raise our wages, and ensure that anyone who wants to work hard, has access to a good job that lets them work hard. 

America needs unions now more than ever.Janus v. AFSCME was nothing short of a political attack on public sector unions at the behest of corporate interests. This ruling is damaging to our unions. 

In the face of attacks, unions still lead the fight to reward work in this country. Let's keep standing with them. #Union https://t.co/82ZuYaSZYBCongratulations to Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez (@Ocasio2018) for running an impressive race in #NY14 and making history.Supporting Democrats running to flip Republican seats and take back the Senate is the single most powerful thing you can do to fight back against the hateful policies of this administration. Give now to fight for the values and people we believe in: https://t.co/lBCU7b2UV9I don’t understand why men continue to tell women what to do with their bodies. Every woman on the Supreme Court opposed the ruling in #NIFLAvBecerra allowing crisis pregnancy centers to deceive women coming for help. Enough. These are our bodies. Listen to us.We need fair-minded judges who will uphold the value of equality. This current list represents a clear danger to women's health and should be rejected in favor of a bipartisan nominee should there be a vacancy on the bench.If a vacancy occurs during this term, after the Garland heist, the balance of the court could be tilted even more against women's, workers', and civil rights for decades to come by the president’s list of 25 judges who have passed his litmus test of overturning Roe v. Wade.It is clear that the president wants to use the courts to shape policy that he can’t get passed through Congress, like his discriminatory travel ban.The Roberts Court has repeatedly put corporations over people, including the dangerous Epic Systems decision, which undermined workers' well-being.I second Justice Sotomayor’s words. https://t.co/scnCKXEgnFWe cannot—we must not—stop speaking out. We cannot sit back and let these intolerant actions define who we are. Your voice matters, so I hope you’ll continue to stand with, and fight for, immigrant and refugee families.Like I’ve said since the day President Trump announced this terrible Executive Order, our country’s willingness to accept families fleeing some of the most dangerous, violent places on earth is not only the right thing to do, but it also helps make our country safer.The president’s travel ban flies in the face of every value on which our country was built. The Supreme Court’s decision to uphold it is truly upsetting.Wendy Davis showed us what it means to raise your voice, as she was relentless in filibustering against an anti-abortion bill targeting Texas’s clinics. Her tenacity demonstrated how important it is to speak out about the issues that matter and never back down. https://t.co/bfTlFbGNxpWe are indebted to Chief Spadafora's heroism and decades of service to New York City. Sending my deepest condolences to his family and loved ones. Today, my heart is with the FDNY and the entire 9/11 community. https://t.co/MoLi9FsANb2018 is defined by women. Women are running for office in record numbers – and they're mobilizing other women to raise their voices at town halls and the polls. I talked about this incredible energy on the @pantsuitnation podcast: https://t.co/eav14FhFPWNo community is better served by having hungry children. That's why I'll keep pushing to pass my legislation, the SNAP for Kids Act. You can learn more about it here 👇

https://t.co/SXI5tlmdUHWhen we know that kids in this country are going to bed hungry, we have a moral obligation to act. I find it so disturbing that Congressional Republicans want to make it harder for struggling families to put food on the table for their children.

https://t.co/lX2JLhrnJoPlease send urgent support to these organizations providing legal aid and critical assistance to families at the border. We need to take every step we can to fight this injustice and inhumanity. https://t.co/u3UHf0F1gbOur fight for families separated at the border is far from over. This administration still has no clear plan to reunite thousands of children with their parents. These moms, dads and kids are counting on every single one of us to keep fighting for them. Here’s how: https://t.co/861OYJ9qXSHad a great day in Buffalo with @CPeoplesStokes! We met with the Restore Our Community Coalition, a group working to revitalize Buffalo's Humbolt Parkway with green space, per the vision of its architect, Frederick Law Olmstead. Inspired by their hard work and dedication. https://t.co/H9guhCv5BIWhile we were watching the crisis that continues to unfold at our borders, Congressional Republicans unveiled a budget that would end the Affordable Care Act, and slash Medicare, Medicaid, and Social Security. Another example of the GOP attacking the most vulnerable among us. https://t.co/7ql2iV2QDiWe stopped the first inhumane policy, but this administration has completely lost its moral conscience. It’s up to us to fight back for these children, moms and dads. We must continue to speak out to live up to the hope these families believed in when they came to our country.Reports say ICE has taken children away from the border, further from their families, to facilities in Michigan, Illinois and here in New York. These kids are scared and uncertain about their future. Their parents need to know how to get them back. They deserve answers.President Trump wants credit for ending the child separation policy he started. But the cruelty hasn’t stopped, and our fight for these families isn’t over. It’s appalling that there are still no plans to reunite thousands of children – even some babies – with their families.By telling insurance companies they could no longer deny coverage or charge more for pre-existing conditions, the Affordable Care Act protected 130 million Americans. It's clear that the Trump administration’s attempts to end these protections will have devastating consequences.We must keep raising our voices and fighting the Trump administration's treatment of immigrants and refugees. How are they going to reunite kids with parents? What happens after the 20-day period? They owe these families answers. https://t.co/QJ56Sot7BfThis is inhumane, cruel, and immoral. The president must stop this today. This policy isn't "tough", it's the act of a coward who's harming children for political gain. 

We all must keep speaking out as loudly as we can. 

https://t.co/cj7hwaNaqKOn #WorldRefugeeDay, our own government is creating a humanitarian crisis at our border and causing unthinkable pain. We must be better. We must fight to always keep our doors open to those seeking refuge. https://t.co/9zNpxgkVAI.@HHSgov, @DHSgov let him in. https://t.co/TXYcUKuJiwNew York has the best manufacturing tradition in the country. Now, we need to do everything we can to keep that tradition up. So I’m glad that our push for more funding for New York’s manufacturing communities has passed the Senate. https://t.co/WSP1sigLsPMy bipartisan bill, the Made in America Manufacturing Communities Act, that would give communities all over New York access to funding to rebuild their manufacturing sectors, passed the full Senate last night! We’re now one step closer to getting these funds to our state. ⚙️#Juneteenth is the day we commemorate the abolition of slavery in our country. While we’ve made great strides toward equality, we must also recognize the fights still ahead. Today, let’s renew our resolve to work toward a more equal and just future for all.The Department of Homeland Security is tearing young children away from their parents. It is abhorrent. It is immoral. And the administration could stop this today. But since they won’t, Congress needs to step up.Every Democratic senator is co-sponsoring the Keep Families Together Act, but not one Republican has signed on. Call your senators and tell those who are with us to keep fighting and those who aren’t that you need them to take on this injustice. Raise your voice again and again. https://t.co/IHTOSVLcTmCages. 

The government is tearing young children away from their parents, putting them in cages, sending them to tent cities. 

This is beyond horrific. Please, make your outrage known today. https://t.co/1bhX3Tqm5tWe can pass the Keep Families Together Act to stop the humanitarian crisis at our border, but only if you’re so loud your representatives have no choice but to do what’s right. Call Congress – and keep calling, marching and telling everyone you know to do the same.Susan B. Anthony’s bravery reminds us of the impact a single voice can have, and to raise our own as loudly as possible in the continued fight for equality today. https://t.co/7dvwJKPgj1Xiu Qing You was simply seeking to adjust his immigration status so that he could continue providing for his family. 

ICE arrested and detained him. Now, he faces deportation and separation from his wife and kids.

This abject cruelty must stop.
https://t.co/yaRZ69dFNtA breastfeeding mother at a detention center had her daughter ripped away. Border agents tell parents they’re taking their children for a bath – but they don’t come back. There’s a humanitarian crisis at our border, and we have to fight it.But Trump won Arizona by four points, and Republicans are spending big to win this seat. So we have to make sure Kyrsten has the critical resources she needs to win and beat Joe Arpaio. Please donate now to defend our values and flip this red seat blue: https://t.co/wc6I57rBNhPublic service is at the center of everything Kyrsten does. She overcame childhood homelessness to earn a full scholarship to college and run for the House, where she’s fought to create better opportunities for others. That’s the kind of determination we need in the Senate.We need to do everything we can to get my friend @kyrstensinema to the Senate because she’s fighting in Arizona for women, for families and for progress. Her GOP extremist opponent Joe Arpaio? We know he’ll only fight for misogyny, racism and bigotry.DACA was announced on this day in 2012, laying a foundation for Dreamers to build a future in the country they call home. But President Trump has put that chance in jeopardy. Let’s continue to fight for these young people to get a path to citizenship."They’re passed over for promotions and raises. They’re fired when they complain."

Worth reading. The stories from these working mothers are deeply infuriating.

https://t.co/DBzzKd6Yl9Most of us in NY know someone who has been affected by Lyme disease. But President Trump refuses to address this epidemic, so we need to speak out. Will you call on Congress to fund research to stop this disease? https://t.co/KCyFELJrSRThe Trump administration is separating children from families escaping violence and extreme poverty at our border. We must do everything we can to stop this. That means calling your representatives, joining marches and protests, and telling everyone you know to join this fight.What a beautiful night for baseball! Spending time with family, friends, and colleagues at tonight’s Congressional Baseball Game. https://t.co/s0LfM4V4NXI’m a cosponsor. 

And yes, we can pass this bill—but we need you to raise your voice, loud and clear.

Pick up the phone, RT this tweet, or find an event near you today: https://t.co/toHpKHrlYb https://t.co/yYOBRvzId1Hosting a bipartisan dinner for women senators @belmontpaulnps this evening! I'm honored to get to host this dinner around so much history. The Silent Sentinels, a group of women who fought for suffrage, held up these banners to protest at the White House gates. https://t.co/Mgd8oCYFEAThis is wrong on every level. Absolutely unconscionable. 

We’ve all read about dark moments in history and asked ourselves: What would I have done? We face that question now. Speak out. https://t.co/9KJHgcsGN5I’m fighting to #PassMJIA to make sure survivors can report military sexual assault and harassment without fear of retaliation. They deserve a justice system worthy of their sacrifices, and we can help by speaking out now. Call your senators before they decide how to vote. https://t.co/9sEdYDFKjCRipping children from their parents and locking them in tent cities is a new low for this presidency. We should call these what they are – imprisonment camps. And it’s happening in our own country. We can’t let this become who we are.Last night on @TheDailyShow, @GoLiveLifeWell, Col. Don Christensen and I sat down with @Trevornoah to discuss how to stop sexual assault in our military. Join this fight and call your senators at (202) 224-3121 to demand justice for survivors and #PassMJIA https://t.co/zf25CjXOyiI hope North Korea is serious about this effort and determined to join the international community. And I encourage the Trump administration to do the hard work of getting a strong, verifiable agreement.President Trump’s meeting with North Korea was the first step on a long road ahead. But now comes the hard work of getting real concessions out of North Korea and putting in place monitoring and verification mechanisms to ensure our security and the security of our allies.While I believe that diplomacy is our best route to peaceful solutions, a deal with North Korea should never come at the expense of our own principles. We need to be unafraid to stand up for human rights—and we must never abandon our commitment to our allies.Today, we stand with the LGBTQ community and remember the 49 people who lost their lives in the horrific shooting at Pulse nightclub two years ago. Let’s honor them by demanding that Congress finally take action on gun violence to prevent these senseless tragedies.Great thread from the incredible team @TIMESUPNOW about why we must #PassMJIA: https://t.co/7jRPRBKHyHThe Senate could vote on MJIA any day. Now’s the time to speak out. Click below to call your senators – tell your friends to call, too – and sign the petition to demand justice for survivors. We must come together to stop sexual assault in our military. https://t.co/Q5xdnJ8tMNI'm joining @GoLiveLifeWell and Col. Don Christensen of @ProtectRDfnders to discuss the Military Justice Improvement Act on tonight's episode of @TheDailyShow. Learn more about what we're fighting for by tuning in at 11pm/10pm central. #PassMJIA https://t.co/jp8zGb5gP0Today's SCOTUS decision is a huge, disappointing setback for voting rights. 

I urge you to speak out—and please, know your power this November. Vote out every cynical politician working to suppress our sacred right to vote. https://t.co/T4o4o7RH4NLet’s not dance around it: By denying asylum to domestic violence victims fleeing their abusers, the administration will cost women their lives. It shows how little this administration cares about people who are suffering. This is an attack on our most fundamental values. https://t.co/9NEi7JMHbBIf you live in VA, NV, ND, ME or SC, make sure you vote in tomorrow’s primaries. We have an opportunity to give a record number of women a seat at the table this election cycle. Let’s keep raising our voices, let’s keep voting and let’s keep leading this resistance!See you tonight, @trevornoah! https://t.co/7oRMhDbSFW#NetNeutrality protections end today, but let’s be clear: Our fight is far from over. The Senate voted to save the free and open internet—now, it's up to the House to do the right thing. We must all keep speaking out.Congress needs to act now. Let’s remind them that our fellow Americans need our help. We need to refocus on PR. We need to demand an investigation into the full death toll and the inadequate federal response. And we need a new Marshall Plan to help the islands rebuild and heal.As hurricane season begins, too many in PR still continue to suffer in the wake of Hurricane Maria. This storm was one of the deadliest natural disasters in U.S. history, and it devastated the island’s infrastructure, leaving people without clean water, power or medicine.The Annual National Puerto Rican Day Parade is a chance to celebrate the many contributions Puerto Ricans have made to our country. But as we come together today, we need to remember the reality that continues to unfold and think about how we can help in their time of need. https://t.co/a99hKMu8OWToday, on the 55th anniversary of the #EqualPayAct, we’re reminded that the fight for equality is not over. Women are still facing wage inequality today. It’s time to raise our voices and demand equal pay for equal work. It’s time for Congress to pass the #PaycheckFairnessAct.Each and every one of us has the power to make a difference. Each and every voice has the power to change the world. So stand up, speak out and never back down. https://t.co/cY6jxPtMFh.@SusieLeeNV is running to fight for public education, improve Obamacare and protect women's rights in #NV03. She’s facing the most expensive Nevada House race this cycle and needs our urgent support. Will you make sure Susie wins by giving $5 now? https://t.co/7QBAgBGm2qWe need @RosenforNevada in the Senate. But she’s facing a tough race this fall against a flood of dark money. She needs our full support to win this race and take back the Senate. Will you send Jacky just $5 now to help her flip this seat blue? https://t.co/OpxMsqhZK9As we’ve come together to stand behind Democratic women this year, we’ve seen victory after victory in primaries across the country. Now, we need to keep the momentum going on Tuesday in NV, ME, ND, VA and SC, and support women who are fighting to change the face of Congress!I'm so honored to fight with YOU! Thank you for putting this together—I'll have to check if I can make it, but appreciate all that the amazing #LWTSQUAD does. https://t.co/7qflS8IgZqThese children will never forget that when they arrived in the United States, the government ripped them away from their parents. It's sickening and I'll fight back as hard as I can. That’s why I’m cosponsoring @SenFeinstein's bill to halt this inhumane practice. https://t.co/2ru6Ig54rHI was completely devastated after reading these stories. The Trump administration is carrying out a cruel, heartless, and unnecessary practice that will undoubtedly traumatize a generation of young children. https://t.co/iKBtfJFevGWhen women raise our voices, we’re a force for good as great as any this world has ever seen – especially when we do it together. Keep speaking out. Let’s name our ambitions: Reply to tell me about yours! https://t.co/bMU0vx7zETOn Sunday, July 22, I'm heading to OZY Fest in Central Park, joining an exciting lineup of performances and panels. If you're in New York City, you should swing by! You can buy tickets here: https://t.co/RrkZkmuloi #ozyfestICE is acting recklessly and failing to respect human dignity. This administration's approach to immigration enforcement is cruel and extreme, and does not represent who we are as a country. Congress has to act. We must hold ICE accountable and stand up for human rights.Health care should be a right, not a privilege.The Trump administration is trying to destroy the Affordable Care Act by refusing to defend it in court, another move that could force the middle class to pay more for insurance, or lose coverage altogether. Our families in New York and across the country deserve better.From @CWSoftballGame practice this morning. Feeling pretty good about this game. Team press better watch out! https://t.co/px8tF4Dx17I'll not stop fighting to fix our military justice system. This week, I filed my bill, the Military Justice Improvement Act, as an amendment to the 2019 defense spending bill with @ChuckGrassley. Please help #PassMJIA and speak out for the reforms our service members deserve.The #EqualPayAct was passed 55 years ago, but the pay gap still exists. Gender or race should never impact your paycheck. This discrimination hurts women, working families and our economy. That’s why we need to pass the #PaycheckFairnessAct to ensure equal pay, no matter what.I was almost as excited about the chance to warm up my pitching arm as I was about seeing the room full of engaged, motivated people getting off the sidelines at last night’s @runforsomething event! Because when women run, we win! (Just like my cornhole game against @CoryBooker) https://t.co/b1WKXpGJUcIt is completely shameful for ICE to separate a father from his wife and kids like this. This administration's approach to immigration enforcement is inhumane, plain and simple, and does not make our country safer. We need answers and accountability. https://t.co/a7YlIQ9VICStories like Heath’s are the reason why I will never stop fighting for our military justice system to be more fair, more accountable, and more transparent. 
https://t.co/ioEGWFFir9It’s already abundantly clear that Trump and the GOP’s sabotage of our health care system will hurt many of our families. In New York, insurers are seeking an average 24% increase for premiums in 2019—double what it would have been without the repeal of the individual mandate.Getting to the polls is one of the best ways to make real change. The last few months of progressive wins prove that when we come together, nothing can stop us. So if you live in AL, CA, IA, MS, MT, NJ, NM or SD, #vote in the June 5 primary! Your voice matters. Your vote counts. https://t.co/12BwCOUqQuHarmful and disappointing ruling from the Supreme Court this morning. Companies shouldn't discriminate against members of our community because of who they love and who they are, period. https://t.co/QaqjjhoJveThe president’s repeated attempts to undermine the Special Counsel’s investigation are extremely troubling — Congress must move to protect it without any delay. https://t.co/VbJIcxTd1vWe need to show we truly value women by addressing the tragic reality of maternal mortality. A woman in the U.S. is three times more likely to die during childbirth than in Britain or Canada – and it’s worse for black women. We have to fight for better care for new moms.So today, on National Gun Violence Awareness Day, we #WearOrange to remember the families and communities that have been torn apart by this country’s gun violence epidemic. Today, we honor them by speaking out to demand a better future. A future free from gun violence. https://t.co/UyCqvfdwEWWe have a gun violence epidemic in our country, and it claims 96 lives every day. But lawmakers haven’t come close to addressing this senseless violence. How many is too many? When is enough finally enough? The time for action is long overdue..@DianneFeinstein has broken down barriers her entire career, and she continues to be an inspiration and advocate for women in the Senate. We need her voice and vote more than ever, so I hope you’ll rush $5 or more to make sure she wins her primary: https://t.co/dFJ1iTOpws.@tanziefornj is a former teacher and Blue Star Mother running in #NJ02 to fight for a more inclusive, progressive future. But she’s counting on supporters like you to raise enough ahead of her must-win Tuesday primary – will you send $5 to her campaign? https://t.co/gjJPnKFNXrIn #IA01, @Abby4Iowa is fighting for women’s rights, affordable education and quality health care. She needs a strong show of support from us to win this primary and keep fighting to become a powerful voice in Congress. Give just $5 to help Abby win! https://t.co/Q3LaFlCp2cAfter nearly 20 years as an attorney taking on special interests, @katieporteroc is ready to bring that fight to Congress. We need her voice for working families, so donate just $5 right now to help her secure this critical #CA45 primary! https://t.co/LZvRpITB1CIn #CA39, @DocTran2018 is running to protect the values and opportunities that allowed her to overcome tremendous odds as a child refugee in America. Will you make sure Mai has the resources she needs to win on Tuesday by giving $5 right now? https://t.co/qpHTtO4yiTA record number of women are running for office this year! Here are just a few candidates with primaries on June 5 I want to make sure you know about – because raising your voice at the polls and electing these women candidates is exactly how we’ll change the future.I’m still in. https://t.co/2IHSzgU0T2Gun violence isn’t inevitable or untouchable. We can overcome it, but it’ll take all of us raising our voices again and again and again, today and every day. Please keep speaking out. #WearOrange“The first step is telling the truth—the next step is changing the system.”

@GretchenCarlson writes about last week’s forced arbitration ruling in the Supreme Court, what it means for the #MeToo movement, and how we can fight back. https://t.co/1rUspRrfhWEach day, the incredible leaders and fighters of our LGBTQ communities inspire us all with their strength, their love, and their countless acts of courage. 

You have so much to be proud of, and I'm proud to celebrate and fight alongside you. Happy #PrideMonth! 🏳️‍🌈Major General Bannister was an exceptional leader who dedicated his entire life to this country. His legacy will not be forgotten. My deepest condolences go out to his family and to the Fort Drum and 10th Mountain Division community. https://t.co/GCUtympDqwI hope you’ll read this. Veteran Alonzo Neese, a gun owner and former NRA member, shares why he’s joining the fight against the gun lobby. 

Alonzo, thank you for your service—and for lending your voice to the movement for common-sense gun laws. https://t.co/0xjC86s8giWorkplace harassment is clearly a drag on our economy, but we don't know by how much, in part because @BLS_gov absurdly said that it's too “complex and costly” to compile data. I’m now asking @USGAO for information. I'll keep fighting to get this data. 

https://t.co/g2cJ9pN6QWIf you believe as fiercely as I do that America is better than ripping children from the arms of asylum seekers, we need to show it. Send support to organizations providing legal aid and other assistance to families suffering these injustices: https://t.co/ckx09bja3VChildren are being ripped from the arms of their mothers at our southern border because of policy made and implemented by the Trump administration. This is who we are until enough of us speak out to demand better.When mothers came to our southern border desperate for help, they expected to meet the America the world believes in: one that opens its arms to those in need. Instead, they’re having their children ripped from their arms. We need to fight every day to regain our conscience.No way, @LACaldwellDC. Team Congress is ready to play and ready to WIN! https://t.co/KvktpvPvcmWhile many try to deride and undermine our unions, the truth is, unions are leading the fight to reward work, for every worker. If we want to rebuild the middle class with good wages, safe jobs, &amp; retirement and healthcare benefits, we should look to them. https://t.co/vOoxngFsWbThanks to all who are working so hard to ensure the @Sept11Memorial recognizes the responders and survivors still suffering from 9/11 related illnesses—and all those we have lost since 9/11. It is crucial for the whole story of 9/11 to be told. This is a great step forward. https://t.co/WILB86AXoeThis new report demands answers from the federal government about what happened to our fellow citizens in crisis. https://t.co/4RcVNJANT7On this day in 1851, abolitionist Sojourner Truth stood up to demand equal rights for all women and for black Americans in her famous ‘Ain’t I A Woman’ speech, showing this generation of activists that a single voice has the power to make a difference. https://t.co/QfwM4eomE6Please watch my friend @ValerieJarrett respond to yet another example of everyday racism. As allies in this fight, it's our responsibility to call out racism and bigotry wherever and whenever we might see it. https://t.co/zVgSg8nXewToday, on Memorial Day, as we spend time with family and friends, we honor the women and men in uniform who gave their lives to protect us. We’re grateful today and every day to those who have served..@AbbyWambach shared some incredible wisdom with the women of @BarnardCollege's graduating class (and with all of us): 

Make failure your fuel. Lead from the bench. Champion each other. Demand the ball. 

If you haven't watched this speech yet, you must! https://t.co/UMxGH5H1kCJustice Ginsburg is right: The Supreme Court’s ruling on forced arbitration is “egregiously wrong” and undermines workers’ well-being. We need to raise our voices together and demand Congress restore workers' rights to hold their employers accountable. https://t.co/YTw6xOjqTvThe Trump administration's domestic gag rule should enrage us all. I’m tired of the relentless attempts to roll back women's access to health care. #NoGagRuleThis administration’s immigration policies are heartless and infuriating. Congress must immediately demand accountability and transparency to safeguard against future abuses. ICE must cease splitting families at the border. America is better than this, and we need to show it.Progress seldom comes fast, and it’s never easy. But when we come together to fight for our rights, we have the capacity to change. We have the capacity to become more fair and just and recognize the values of every person.I am in awe of what the fearless women of Ireland accomplished yesterday. They activated and organized for years to fight for the right to make decisions about their own bodies, and yesterday, the country voted to #RepealThe8th.I need my friend @kyrstensinema by my side in the Senate to defend our values and take our country forward, never backward. But she’s running in Arizona against the racist, misogynistic Joe Arpaio. Will you donate now to help her flip this red seat blue? https://t.co/iikUSyRQfLWhile you weren’t looking, President Trump quietly moved to undermine public sector unions and the rights of our federal workers. https://t.co/owhnz6YxTzIn a blatant attack on women’s reproductive rights, the Trump administration’s “gag rule” would go further than ever to undermine Roe v. Wade. That’s why I’m fighting back with a Senate resolution that opposes this horrible policy alongside @SenatorBaldwin and @PattyMurray. https://t.co/kNwFuV7prT🙋🏼‍♀️ https://t.co/sjpEH4Iai5We will not stay silent. Women will lead the charge against Trump's harmful domestic gag rule. Today, in the Senate, I'm proud to join @PattyMurray and @SenatorBaldwin on a resolution to fight back against one of the most harmful attacks yet on women’s reproductive health.The new domestic "gag rule" is another attempt by the Trump administration to take away women's access to critical health care, that will deprive them of the right to make their own health care choices. 

If you are enraged, speak out. It's more important than ever. #NoGagRuleThese reforms are commonsense—and I'm optimistic that we can finish the job and get this bill signed into law. 

Until then, do not remain silent. Let’s keep fighting for change in workplaces across the country.The Senate just passed bipartisan reforms to fix Congress's broken process for reporting sexual harassment, and finally end taxpayer-funded harassment settlements. This is a big step in the right direction towards transparency and accountability.Our troops sacrifice a great deal for the American people. They deserve our continued support. I was proud to work with my colleagues to secure another well-deserved pay raise for our service members. https://t.co/CuuYIGPjH1Congress should focus on rewarding work and protecting families, not helping big banks make more money. https://t.co/x3G63tnSrqIn November, we have an incredible opportunity to take back the House and Senate, and we’ll need you and everyone you know to vote. Get registered at https://t.co/bpamSCzoTQ.Throughout the primary season, women have run and women have won. Some incredible organizations have been by their sides. Check out @EmergeAmerica, @VoteRunLead, @runforsomething, @emilyslist, @HigherHeights and @getots, and help them elect more women!.@AmyMcGrathKY once trailed by 47 points in her primary. Forty-seven. No matter the odds, if we run strong candidates who stand firm for a set of shared values, there’s nothing we can’t do.Democrats are going into November behind candidates like @LucyWins2018, @LupeValdez, @staceyabrams and @ginaortizjones. Our party looks like the future. Women in leadership are the future.We must remain focused on finishing this fight by passing this bill once it comes to the Senate floor. I hope you’ll keep raising your voice. Let’s hold members of Congress accountable, and make sure taxpayers are never again left with the tab for lawmakers’ harassment scandals.Today, Senate leadership announced a bipartisan deal on legislation to address sexual harassment in Congress. This is such an important step toward finally ending a system that is designed to protect harassers in the halls of Congress..@realDonaldTrump, here are some more firsts for you: Record numbers of women are marching, speaking out, fighting back and running for office. And come November, we’re going to win back the House and Senate. https://t.co/rEvWTV9YI3From the beginning of Amy’s race, @getots has been by her side. Now we need to help her bring it home. Can you make a donation of $5 or more now to help Amy start the general election with the money and momentum she needs to win? https://t.co/B2Hir6zkyhAmy was the first woman in the Marine Corps to fly into combat in an F-18, and she went on to fly 89 missions in places like Iraq and Afghanistan. She’s already given so much to her country. With our support, she’s ready to give even more.This is just the first step. We all have to come together now. Electing candidates like Amy is how we fight for a future that’s just and inclusive.Congratulations to @AmyMcGrathKY on securing the Democratic nomination in KY-6. We’re ready to fight alongside you for victory and to take back the House in November.Thrilled to help launch @voterunlead + @wework's #WomensLeadershipWorks partnership tonight. A great discussion with @AliciaMenendez. Thanks to all for having me! https://t.co/P3CTUqbRolIf you live in Texas, your vote in today’s primary runoff is so important. @ginaortizjones in #TX23, @mjhegar in #TX31 and @Lillian_Salerno in #TX32 are counting on your support. Women won big in Texas in March, and if we all come together today, we can do it again!If you live in #GA06, or know someone who does, make sure you support @LucyWins2018 in today’s primary election! She’s a mother, businesswoman and social justice activist running to fight for families and make Georgia’s communities safer. Spread the word and vote for Lucy today!.@AmyMcGrathKY has her primary election today. She’s running to continue a life of service to our country and fighting for women to have a seat at the table. Vote for Amy, and make sure everyone you know in #KY06 turns out for her. This is how we'll change this country.If you live in GA, your vote for @staceyabrams for #GAGov is a vote for affordable childcare, an economic agenda to lift families out of poverty &amp; universal access to health care. If you know someone in GA, call them today and ask them to go vote. We can win if we come together. https://t.co/o7GPhVrriYThere are incredible women candidates on ballots across the country today, in primaries and in runoffs. Over the next hour, I’m going to share information on some races critical to taking back the House. If you live in GA, AR, TX or KY, make your voice heard and vote today!Last week, I sat down with @Kasie to discuss our fight to reform the way Congress handles sexual harassment. I'm hopeful that we are able finish what we started, so that taxpayers no longer have to foot the bill for politicans' sexual harassment scandals. https://t.co/2M7Xic37hxSo impressed by the teams at @IceStoneLLC and Brooklyn Stone and Tile. Not only do they bring quality manufacturing jobs to Brooklyn, they're also employee owned and choose to invest in their workers. Enjoyed my tour of the facilities today with @NydiaVelazquez. https://t.co/19gxBuZZLgDana Baiocco has spent her career helping companies avoid responsibility for making harmful products. Why on earth should she sit on the Consumer Product Safety Commission? Today, the Senate votes on her nomination. I'm voting NO, and hope you'll speak out too.This decision could have devastating consequences for workers, who might now be forced to choose between keeping their jobs and pursuing justice over discrimination or sexual harassment cases. https://t.co/3giohwbV7IYesterday, I had a fanatstic coffee meeting @SylviasSoulFood with @SheenaWrightNYC of @unitedwaynyc! Thanks to all who popped over to say hi! https://t.co/gUi77f1xp7I draw inspiration from trailblazing women who shaped our country’s history. Their stories are as relevant today as ever. I wrote a children’s book about 10 women who fought for what’s right and taught each generation that followed to be bold and brave: https://t.co/knUPqVhihg https://t.co/F1Nz6HFiXNLucy is facing a tough primary fight on Tuesday, and we need to send her our urgent support! Will you donate $5 right now to help Lucy take this fight to Washington? https://t.co/PJyyTDdBgL.@LucyWins2018 is a mother, wife, businesswoman and social justice activist fighting to flip #GA06 blue in November! She’s running to end the senseless gun violence against young black men in this country that took the life of her son over five years ago.But just days ago the Trump admin decided to eliminate a program that protects graduates from predatory student loan practices. Today in NYC, I’m calling for new oversight to protect students, and for policies that will help reduce debt for our graduates, not hold them back.It’s graduation season! As we congratulate all who are finishing up school this year, here’s my wish for our college graduates: For Congress to solve the student debt crisis that is creating tremendous hardship for an entire generation of young people.I’ve been on the campaign trail with young kids, and I couldn’t have juggled those long days and late nights without childcare. This decision tears down a huge financial barrier for parents – especially mothers – thinking about getting #OffTheSidelines. https://t.co/i3R6ocFcHVIf we’re going to change our politics, we need to change who our leaders are. @staceyabrams is the kind of leader we need. But she’s in the final push in her Georgia governor’s primary. Can you give now to help her reach every voter she needs to win?
https://t.co/7rVUjZnRknI still don’t understand how lawmakers in this country continue to think that it’s their job to tell women what to do with their health care.Heartbreaking, unbearable news out of Santa Fe, TX, the latest community to be torn apart by a horrific school shooting. How many more families and communities must grieve? Enough is enough.This is an attack on Planned Parenthood. It’s an attack on choice. It’s an attack on women’s rights.

Women’s health is not a political bargaining chip. Period. We have to raise our voices like never before to defend the right to choose and stand with @PPact. https://t.co/FFmaqvMXKgNo need to look too far! We have a great bill you could support. The #FAMILYAct would allow every American worker up to 12 weeks of paid leave to care for a new child, a sick family member, or a personal medical emergency, for the cost of a cup of coffee a week. https://t.co/s6kA2WTGiwSomeone who refuses to say torture is immoral, and who was engaged in destroying evidence of torture, should not be running the CIA. 

For that reason, I voted NO on Gina Haspel's nomination today.The House passed reform 100 days ago. It is long past time for the Senate to act. There is no reasonable excuse for our inaction. https://t.co/Gi0zQQiWOJOn the one-year anniversary of the Mueller investigation’s start, I’m renewing my call for the Senate to put a bipartisan bill on the floor to protect the special counsel. We can’t allow this president to put himself above the rule of law.I often tell people that on a good day, Congress is still 20 years behind the rest of the country. It is in our power, right now, to make sexual harassment the exception to that rule. We’ve waited 100 days. Let’s not wait any longer.The more time that goes by without addressing this broken system, the more people suffer. Passing reform would show that Congress is finally taking this problem seriously—and in the Senate, members of both parties want to get this done. 

All we need is the chance to vote.I’ve been trying to work with anyone willing to work with me to pass meaningful reform. My bill, the Congressional Harassment Reform Act, would make sure lawmakers pay for their own harassment settlements—and it would fix our broken process for reporting harassment in Congress.Every wasted day leaves those who've experienced harassment trapped in a broken system designed to keep them from coming forward. Meanwhile, taxpayers are stuck paying the tab for the cost of politicians’ harassment settlements.100 days ago, the House unanimously passed a bipartisan bill to address sexual harassment in Congress. As of today, the Senate has yet to bring this up for a vote. Nothing has moved.They each have a long race and tough fights ahead of them, and they need our support every step of the way between now and November to flip the House blue. Will you give $5 to help these four women fight to change the face of Congress? https://t.co/OmYD7ilyuDThey are stepping forward to fight for a seat at the decision-making table and give a voice to the issues that matter most to women. Democrats must pick up 23 seats across the country to take back the House, and getting these women elected in PA is the key to making it happen.Congratulations to the four women candidates for Congress in PA on their victories in last night’s primary! @mad4pa, @marygayscanlon, @HoulahanForPa and @wildforcongress will make this PA’s last year without a woman in its congressional delegation.“The Senate still hasn’t taken action.” I’ve been tweeting this, day after day, as the Senate fails to make sure members of Congress who commit sexual harassment are held accountable. We must demand taxpayers never again foot the bill for a politician’s scandal settlement. https://t.co/IwHPMnrBZZWonderful news! The Senate just voted to reverse the @FCC's rollback of #NetNeutrality. Now, it's up to the House to do the right thing. Thank you for speaking up, and keep making yourself heard as we continue fighting for a free and open internet.The Senate votes TODAY to restore #NetNeutrality, but the vote will be close. It's up to us all to fight, because to attack net neutrality is to attack free speech. Don't stay silent: Make your voice heard, right now, to help save the internet as we know it.It has been 99 days since the House unanimously passed a bill to address sexual harassment in Congress. The Senate still hasn’t taken action. 

Taxpayers should never have to pay for politicians’ sexual harassment settlements. This should be something we all agree on. https://t.co/UJLo1ZYNHYIn the richest country in the world, we don’t have to settle for unemployment and underemployment. We can help create jobs that shift power back to workers and our communities – we just have to fight for it. https://t.co/K8VygXaA0SOur dairy farmers are losing money on every pound of milk they produce, no matter how hard they work. This crisis is right in our own backyard—and it’s time to solve it, now. https://t.co/lhfIP6CBD1An honor to speak at @amprog's 2018 Ideas Conference, and to discuss all of the ways women are leading the resistance with an amazing panel of women leaders @MariaTeresa1 @FGossGraves @cecilerichards @jmpalmieri! https://t.co/h8fgtkFko0It has been 98 days since the House unanimously passed a bill to address sexual harassment in Congress. The Senate still hasn’t taken action.Outrageous. In fear of a "public relations nightmare," the White House and @EPAScottPruitt are failing to protect public health. Victims of PFOA and PFOS contamination, and their families, deserve answers. This report should be released immediately. https://t.co/mFGKjN6575In Utica today with local business owners to discuss a bill I've been championing, the Microloan Modernization Act. The bill, which makes it easier for minority and women small business owners to access capital, will soon be heading to the Senate floor for a vote! https://t.co/cds4uM4oHXIt has been 97 days since the House unanimously passed a bill to address sexual harassment in Congress. The Senate still hasn’t taken action.

Speak out today. Call on the Senate to finally pass a bill to require politicians to pay for their own sexual harassment settlements.It has been 96 days since the House unanimously passed a bill to address sexual harassment in Congress. The Senate still hasn’t taken action.As a working mom and a lawmaker, Mother's Day for me raises the question of whether we as a country value women every day of the year. If you look at the landscape for working mothers in America, we can do much better. I wrote more for the @NYDailyNews: https://t.co/JQ5dwaLApUThere are tough fights ahead for a fairer and more equal future, but I know my mother wouldn’t flinch at them. We won’t, either. Happy Mother’s Day to the strongest women out there.That’s why this Mother’s Day, I’m reflecting on my mom’s sacrifices and on all the work we need to do so women don’t have to sacrifice so much. We need to pass paid family leave, end the gender pay gap and ensure every woman has access to quality and affordable health care.For as long as I can remember, I’ve wanted to be like my mom. Her endless hard work – in the face of the same obstacles and sexism still holding women back – keeps me fighting every day. https://t.co/Jopp29m9RZGwen Graham is a true champion for progressive values, who cares deeply about people over politics. I'd be so glad to see her in the Florida governor's office. https://t.co/sxXZx6sVD0It has been 95 days since the House unanimously passed a bill to address sexual harassment in Congress. The Senate still hasn’t taken action.There is something so backward, so wrong, when black women are 3-4 times more likely to die from avoidable pregnancy-related complications. 

If we truly care about valuing women, and by that I mean valuing all women, then we must address this shocking maternal mortality crisis. https://t.co/e2hDChxtWuI’ve introduced legislation to increase transparency and accountability for the actions of our border patrol agents. Keeping our country safe shouldn’t come at a cost to basic constitutional rights. https://t.co/OirPQB2OxzIt has been 94 days since the House passed a bill to address sexual harassment in Congress. The Senate still hasn’t taken action. 

I want your thoughts: Should the Senate pass a bipartisan bill to require politicians to pay for their own sexual harassment settlements?Every day, teachers give their all to help our kids succeed. This #TeacherAppreciationWeek, it’s not enough to thank them – we need to stand by their sides in the fight for fair pay and more resources for their students and their classrooms. Anything less shortchanges our future.Some very exciting news this week: The House passed a bill, the Main Street Employee Ownership Act, that would support small businesses that invest in and reward their workers through employee ownership. I look forward to fighting to get my companion bill passed in the Senate. https://t.co/C2UH8sGry6We’re live! I’m joining @Tiffany_Muller of @StopBigMoney to talk about the fight to reform our broken campaign finance system and my corporate PAC pledge for 2018. Join us (and stay for the money in politics trivia game!): https://t.co/weJY0fKQ19It has been 93 days since the House unanimously passed a bill to address sexual harassment in Congress. The Senate still hasn’t taken action.We must keep fighting until justice is possible. Let’s keep listening to survivors, believing their stories and working alongside them for a system of justice worthy of their service. https://t.co/F0EIb2yVKPEvery worker should have a voice, and the right to join together to fight for the pay and protections they deserve. That’s why we need strong unions. I was proud to join @BernieSanders to intro the Workplace Democracy Act to strengthen the rights of more workers to unionize. https://t.co/rHQBSND5m8Soon, the Senate will vote on a resolution to try to save #NetNeutrality, but my colleagues and I need one more vote to pass it. It's time for us all to make our voices heard for a free and open internet. Will you contact your Senators today?It has been 92 days since the House unanimously passed a bill to address sexual harassment in Congress. The Senate still hasn’t taken action.When we’ve raised our voices loudly, when we’ve stood together against long odds, we’ve limited the damage done by this administration and Congress. We need to do it again now. An injustice against one of us is an injustice against all of us – especially when they go after kids..@washingtonpost says President Trump is proposing cuts to #CHIP and Obamacare to “temper conservative angst over ballooning budget deficits.” When donors want giveaways, they write blank checks – but when kids and families need help, they turn their backs.After passing a $1.5 trillion tax cut that benefits the wealthiest Americans and the biggest, richest corporations the most, Republicans are moving on to their next act: a reprehensible plan to cut the Children’s Health Insurance Program.It took years of coordinated international sanctions, coupled with diplomacy, to reach this deal. It's a mistake to think we can simply restart this process with a clean slate. I hope that other parties in the deal continue to abide by it, and I urge the president to reconsider.Leaving the Iran Deal costs our country the ability to maintain a coalition to hold Iran accountable; and it severely undermines our country’s credibility. It’s especially troubling as the Trump Administration prepares to negotiate with North Korea.By walking away from the Iran Deal, President Trump has made a shortsighted, dangerous mistake. The deal gave us the ability to aggressively monitor and verify Iran's behavior. This move only opens the door to Iran going back to developing a nuclear weapons program.I sat down with @theskimm to talk about the Iran Deal, why it was such an important diplomatic breakthrough and why it's critical that the U.S. continues to enforce it: https://t.co/bawLR5HclGIt has been 91 days since the House unanimously passed a bill to address sexual harassment in Congress. The Senate still hasn’t taken action.The CIA's torture of detainees was wrong and un-American. Gina Haspel, President Trump's choice for CIA Director, played a role in the program and its eventual cover-up. She shouldn’t lead this agency, and I will oppose her nomination.During Lent, I visited the @colbertlateshow. Here are some "confessions" I made while I was there... https://t.co/xBLQm88AIyWhat a beautiful day to be in Saranac Lake! I joined the Adirondack North Country Association to talk about my bipartisan employee ownership legislation, and what it will take for our country to start rewarding work again. https://t.co/ux1sQwKMlaIt has been 90 days since the House unanimously passed a bill to address sexual harassment in Congress. The Senate still hasn’t taken action.Women know the people and things we love are at risk. Every day, let's support one another in fighting for them.We can change this country in November. We can come together behind commonsense reforms. We can stand up to the NRA and gun manufacturers – because our safety and lives are too important not to.We need to keep up a relentless fight against the NRA. While the gun lobby is celebrating profits for gun manufacturers, I ask that you spend a little time researching the election in front of us and the candidates on the ballot ready to stand up to the NRA.At the NRA convention, Vice President Mike Pence called the gun lobby “one of the most potent forces for good in the United States of America.” After all the tragedies families and communities have endured, this is unconscionable.Marianne &amp; Lois lost their daughters in a tragic underride crash. Now, they're fighting hard for truck safety. I'm proud to work on their behalf, and for the thousands of families who have lost loved ones, to pass the Stop Underrides Act to help prevent these terrible accidents. https://t.co/d1YqABpecnI joined @NTFP_Official, @PHInational &amp; CHCA to hear stories of New Yorkers who lack access to basic financial services. With few options, these families are left vulnerable to predatory banking, which hurts our communities. It's clear that solutions like Postal Banking can help. https://t.co/0vAfdUX9vyThis morning, I met with these remarkable women in the Bronx. They're relentless forces for positivity and change in their communities. They shared their priorities and their fights, and I can't wait to keep working with them. https://t.co/fH3hX2KKkhI introduced the SNAP for KIDS Act to fight for the right of every child to have access to healthy food. We need to raise our voices: both to defeat the GOP Farm Bill and provide more support for kids and families who are counting on getting help when they need it.When millions of children go to bed hungry each night and struggle to focus in schools because they haven’t had enough to eat, the last thing we should do is cut assistance. We should expand it.There’s a hunger crisis in this country, and Republicans in Congress are determined to make it worse. Their Farm Bill would cut billions of dollars from nutrition assistance programs families rely on to put food on the table.It was my honor to celebrate the resilient, creative &amp; hardworking @madeinnyc community. You’re showing the world that “Made in NYC” is one of the best labels a product can have. I will keep fighting alongside you to make sure manufacturing is prioritized and work is rewarded. https://t.co/hBcA3PAu88I sat down with Jessica Lipps from @onMogul to discuss what gave me the courage to first run for office, how I balance being a mom and a senator, and what a record number of women running for office means for the future. https://t.co/Gb3GReU9hXIt’s time to tackle the root causes of economic injustice. We must summon the will to address the wealth inequality gap that has been built upon a history of exclusion. Let’s put our vision on the table, and fight hard for it, so that we can rebuild the middle class.No one should be forced to go without lifesaving care because it’s not affordable. That’s why I’m fighting for Medicare for All. We need to keep raising our voices for a public option.A former member of the Trump administration just admitted what we’ve known all along: They’ve increased the cost of health coverage. That means more families faced with heart-wrenching questions: Can I afford to be covered? Can I afford my child’s medicine?Collecting important data would help to reveal the true scope of the costs of sexual harassment in the workplace. The Department of Labor's justification for not doing so is completely disappointing. https://t.co/VMJYwZ3Q33The Senate must act now to protect Mueller's investigation. What on earth are we waiting for? No more excuses, let's vote on this the first day we are back in session. https://t.co/q5pUnDKi7UFormer HHS Sec. Price admitted that repealing the individual mandate will raise health coverage costs. It’s clearer than ever the GOP’s closed-door dealings had nothing to do with protecting families and everything to do with carving out giveaways to special interests and donors. https://t.co/i8YNt6Ed6eIt is sickening that some of the same people who were involved with underpaying survivors of Superstorm Sandy are still at it, and that FEMA is failing to protect its policyholders who need their help. FEMA should clean house, but it's also clear that FEMA will not fix itself. https://t.co/jS3BL3suhuOver 80 days after the House unanimously passed a bipartisan bill to end taxpayer-paid settlements of sexual harassment cases by members of Congress, the Senate still hasn’t taken action. 

That needs to change. https://t.co/340I5Sy18kFor over 20 years, every Secretary of Defense has pledged zero tolerance for sexual assault in the military. They have failed at their mission. This new report from the Pentagon may come with new platitudes, but the end result is unchanged. https://t.co/8iDIUxR68hEmployee ownership is also good for business. Companies see an increase in productivity by 4 to 5% the year the business becomes employee-owned. They are less likely than comparable businesses to lay off workers in economic downturns, and they are less likely to go bankrupt.Why is employee ownership such a good idea? It rewards work by: 

• Paying workers 5 to 12% more.
• Workers having 2.2x more in retirement savings.
• Giving workers greater job stability. https://t.co/LEc3cGsdacEmployee ownership is good for businesses, workers, and our local economy. Employee Stock Ownership Plans (ESOPs) and co-ops help workers share in the success of their companies, and they reduce the risk of businesses leaving communities.Today, I'm traveling around Central NY and the Capital Region to talk about my bipartisan employee ownership legislation. This idea was inspired by the hardworking New Yorkers I met while visiting all 62 counties last year. https://t.co/LKR3VZzPLVIn my experience, the best ideas do not come from Washington. They’ve come straight from conversations with New Yorkers about their stories, about what works, what doesn’t work, and what meaningful change looks like. https://t.co/nQmv0axpwfSending my best wishes to @CecileRichards on her last day as president of @PPFA. #ThankYouCecile for your brilliance, your tenacity, and for all you've done to advance women's rights and expand access to reproductive healthcare. You inspire us all to keep fighting alongside you!The evidence is all around. Secretary Mattis and the Department of Defense are twisting themselves into knots to fit a discriminatory policy based on a hateful tweet from the president. https://t.co/tOO8uIm4FsIt’s so inspiring to think of all we could accomplish with more women in Congress. I wanted to make sure you’re following @getots to join me and a whole community organizing for just that: to get more women #OffTheSidelines and into office to shape our future.Giving our underserved communities access to basic financial tools could empower them to build wealth for generations, and escape the poverty trap of predatory financial products. A postal bank would be a simple solution that would finally give everyone access to these services. https://t.co/TsBQNLH0OqIn the year 2018, in the richest country on Earth, there should be no place for unemployment. And there should be no place for underemployment. No matter where you live. Period.This corrosive ban on transgender service is nothing more than another ‘Don’t Ask Don’t Tell’ that will harm our nation’s military. https://t.co/hmXHJzWSOFI loved getting to hear from so many New Yorkers over the last year as I visited all 62 counties. Hearing your stories inspires my work and helps shape my priorities. Can you reply now to share what’s important to you?Happy birthday @CoryBooker! I hope you enjoyed your surprise party and the vegan carrot cupcakes! 🎉🎊 https://t.co/NVapsOcnueWhether you accept the testimony of the 4 service chiefs or that of Sec. Mattis, it is clear that the DOD is twisting themselves into a knot to explain away this corrosive ban on transgender service. #ProtectTransTroopsThat doesn’t add up. When I asked, none of them seemed unable to answer my questions. How can our service chiefs know nothing about an alleged problem that warrants taking away the right of brave Americans to serve our country?Today, I asked Sec. Mattis about this testimony. He told me: “...it’s impossible for them to respond to you.” He claimed that they couldn't have known whether or not problems exist.All 4 service chiefs from the Army, Navy, Air Force and Marines have testified to the Senate Armed Services Committee that they’ve seen no problems with unit cohesion, morale, or readiness in the U.S. military as a result of transgender service. https://t.co/HD1iqyT3FpToday is #5050Day, a global day of taking action toward a more gender-balanced world. Gender equality is an everybody issue: It matters in Congress, in our workplaces, in our schools and in our homes. I hope you’ll take a step toward #GettingTo5050!Teachers across the country are demanding better for our kids. Let’s stand with them in their fight for fair pay and better resources for students. To the teachers walking out today: We hear you. We stand with you.Teacher pay and per-pupil spending in Arizona are among the lowest in the nation. In Colorado, teacher pay is about $7,000 below the national average. Teachers are struggling to make ends meet, and students are without critical resources like current textbooks and supplies.In the nine weeks since educators in West Virginia organized a walkout, a movement has sparked for adequate pay and critical classroom resources. Today, teachers in Arizona and Colorado raised their voices to rally for more funding.It is such an honor to have your support, @SDNYC! Thank you for all that you do to advance equality in our communities. https://t.co/qvMbGmManJNo one is above the law. The Senate Judiciary Committee made that clear today as it advanced a bill to protect the special counsel. We need to keep pressure on to demand a vote before the full Senate. https://t.co/Jo5NeW3BDpI voted against Mike Pompeo. From his calls for America to leave the Iran Deal, to his extreme views on the LGBTQ community, women, and climate change, I'm concerned that, as Secretary of State, he will embolden some of the president's most dangerous instincts and policies.All four military service chiefs have gone on record to say that transgender service has not impacted unit cohesion, discipline, or morale in the military. It’s clear that there’s no logical reason for this ban. Any qualified person who is willing to serve should be able to. https://t.co/om85eAFz8ISadly, communities of color in New York know all too well that this is true, and it's time to do something about it. That's why I'm fighting so hard to pass the Marijuana Justice Act. https://t.co/cPl5UPqussWhen the wealthiest few can dictate policy through their political donations, our political system is broken. It’s a system I don’t accept, and it’s one I will fight.We have to get dark money out of our politics. I’ve banned corporate PAC contributions to my campaign as a step toward fixing the soft corruption in Washington.That’s why I’ve worked to increase transparency and accountability by posting my personal financial disclosures and tax returns, but we must do more.Members of Congress should be accountable to constituents, not corporate donors. This is the kind of soft corruption and shameless behavior that undermines Americans’ confidence that their government truly works for them.At a meeting with banking executives, Mulvaney urged them to donate to members of Congress and tell them to weaken the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau – the bureau Mulvaney is responsible for leading.Mick Mulvaney just lifted the curtain on the corrosive influence of money in politics: a system where policy decisions are sold to the highest bidder. https://t.co/SpLiw34yOnFinancial services and payday lender lobbyists will fight this hard, but we need to fight harder. It's simple: we should put people above profit. Join this fight: Make sure your interests are represented in Congress and raise your voice.This is a simple solution to a problem facing every state in this country. In 2006, payday loans were so bad that Congress had to pass a law to ban them from preying on military service members. We should offer the same protections to everyone with an alternative to endless debt.The federal government has backed financial institutions directly &amp; indirectly for decades with FDIC insurance, FHA backing, &amp; bailouts. But those “for profit” banks have left too many behind. It's time to close the gap—and this time, no one will get rich on the taxpayers dime.And, most importantly, this bill will help many low-income workers begin to save and accumulate wealth, empowering our underserved communities to build financial success for generations.The Post Office has 30,000 locations across the country, making this an efficient and elegant solution for the millions of “unbanked” and "underbanked" in communities with no options. This bill will cost taxpayers nothing, and will also strengthen the Post Office's finances.Payday lending traps compound the financial struggles of many hardworking people who are struggling to get by. It makes it expensive to be poor. A simple short-term $50 loan to pay a utility bill or repair a car could end up costing 400% more to repay in just two weeks!This idea could wipe out the predatory practices of the payday loan industry overnight by providing an accessible and low cost alternative.Today, I am introducing a Postal Banking Act to give everyone access to basic banking services like checking and interest earning savings accounts, small dollar loans, and transaction services like debit cards and cash machines.Millions of Americans have fallen victim to predatory payday loans. Here is how we can break this vicious cycle: https://t.co/SDXFb0HoiqA little rain can't stop our softball practice this morning. We're ready to go this year. So is Henry! cc: @CWSoftballGame https://t.co/PvesvP1zuACongratulations, @Shelley4Senate, for a big and well-deserved victory in #SD37! I'm looking forward to another big night in November for New York Democrats.I’m introducing the SNAP for KIDS Act because when we know kids are going to bed hungry, we have a moral obligation to act. This shouldn’t be a partisan issue, so I urge my colleagues in Congress to act to make sure every child has enough to eat. https://t.co/156elux7nDThis past weekend, I led a roundtable with @TishJames and hunger advocates from across New York City to discuss how New Yorkers can fight back against Republican attempts to cut SNAP food assistance. Grateful to all who shared their stories. https://t.co/0jI364swMtThe Senate shouldn't allow someone who has called for America to leave the Iran Deal to become our nation's top diplomat. That would send a terrible signal to the world. 

Let's keep up the pressure against Mike Pompeo's nomination to lead the State Department. #StopPompeoNow is the time for big, bold ideas to fix our economy and put power back in the hands of our workers and communities. We can’t tinker at the margins any longer. https://t.co/73BlBlfSjEDuncan’s ideas are outside the mainstream. He should not be confirmed, and I need you to reach out to your senators now to let them know you oppose his appointment.Duncan defended a discriminatory voting law that a federal court said “target[ed] African Americans with almost surgical precision.”When a Virginia school board tried to deny a transgender student’s right to use the bathroom consistent with his identity, Duncan was the school board’s representative.On so many issues, Duncan has pushed for discriminatory, cruel policies. He was the lead counsel on the Hobby Lobby case to deny women access to birth control.The Senate is preparing to vote on the nomination of Kyle Duncan to a lifetime seat on the federal bench. Who is Kyle Duncan, this man they’re rushing to confirm? The short version is: He’s an unfit ideologue.We need to end the federal prohibition and ensure marijuana is available to anyone who needs it. Criminalization has to end. https://t.co/WYnhh4fkfKI’m cosponsoring the Marijuana Justice Act with @CoryBooker and @SenSanders because we need to come together and raise our voices for a system that is fairer and more equitable.Black and Latino New Yorkers are almost 10 times more likely to be arrested for the possession of marijuana than their white neighbors – though usage rates are about the same.Our approach to policing marijuana has failed. Unfair laws continue to rob people and families of job opportunities, time with their loved ones and even their futures.The first step to tackling the problems facing our planet is by standing together and raising our voices. We will not be ignored. This #EarthDay, let’s unite to preserve and protect the only home we have – not just for us, but for our children and their children.New York families are already dealing with the impacts of climate change. I think about New York’s coastal communities, which could face sea levels up to 2.5 feet higher by 2050. Or about more families facing Lyme disease as climate change encourages the spread of ticks.The evidence of climate change is all around us, from superstorms to intense heat waves, but many in the Trump administration refuse to see what’s in front of their faces. And their denial is endangering our kids’ future.Separating babies from their mothers as a tactic to intimidate immigrants seeking asylum is wrong. Punishing mothers for trying to save their child's life is inhumane. These disgusting practices should be against the law. https://t.co/YoUxVrrR2vLet’s send the powerful message that no Republican seat is safe from our renewed activism. No amount of dark money flooding into races can withstand our grassroots power. Send your support, even just $5, to help Hiral win this critical race: https://t.co/pkYaj5VpkKI know we can turn this key district blue and elect Hiral to fight for families, health care and women’s rights – but the GOP’s wealthy donors are rushing to funnel money against her right now.On Tuesday, @hiral4congress will be in a key special election in #AZ08: a district Trump won by 20+ points. But our #BlueWave is closing gaps in ways we never thought possible – and proving we CAN take back the House in November.Regardless of race, religion, cultural identity or anything else, an injustice against one of us is an injustice against all of us. So together, let’s keep working together for a better, fairer, more just world.Thank you to everyone at @NationalAction and @TheRevAl for being fighters and leaders who speak truth to power every day. It was an honor to join you yesterday at #NANCONV2018 and continue the march toward progress. https://t.co/tIOuItp4C1The students who led today's school walkout and rally in NYC are some of the most impressive advocates I’ve seen in my career. Their voices are changing the conversation about gun violence in this country, right before our eyes. I was proud to join them. #NYCsaysenough https://t.co/S1mFLNPijnWe cannot let Republicans in Congress ignore these students, turn the page and wait for everyone to move on. We need to keep weapons of war off our streets – now. We need to enforce universal background checks. We need to protect students.On April 20, 1999, 12 students and one teacher were murdered at Columbine High School. Today, 19 years later, thousands of students across the country will join together in school walkouts to demand the action we’re still waiting on.Black and Latino people in NYC are arrested at TEN times the rate of white people for virtually the same rate of marijuana usage. Along with @CoryBooker and @SenSanders, I’m cosponsoring a bill to legalize and decriminalize marijuana. Raise your voices and join us in this fight.Congratulations, Terence, and best wishes for the journey ahead. I know your father would be so proud. https://t.co/FL3AlP7tJRYou can have both. The FAMILY Act would offer universal paid family leave without making you mortgage your Social Security. https://t.co/QPMUVBHs2bIt was such a joy to welcome Maile to the Senate floor today! https://t.co/AGeyX6Rh8EWhat a beautiful, heart-wrenching letter from @AdyBarkan to his son. We owe it to both of them to carry on our fight to protect health care for every American. 

Hope to see you at the polls in November. https://t.co/SanIo0Pw8nThe Senate has no more excuses. We must pass these reforms before our next recess. Members of BOTH parties, men and women, agree that it’s time to act. https://t.co/vSr7sew5KNNew York just opened up the ballot box for an upward of 35,000 people by restoring voting rights to parolees. Those who have paid their debts deserve a second chance and full voting rights—it’s the right thing for our democracy. I’m proud our state will help lead the way on this.Deeply troubled by this report from Rome, NY. ICE officers should not be allowed to raid private property without a warrant. There must be an immediate investigation into what happened here. https://t.co/0eBEDAUQV8The second largest blackout in world history, on U.S. soil. Our fellow Americans in Puerto Rico are facing a crisis, and Congress hasn’t done nearly enough to help them recover and rebuild after Hurricane Maria. We must act now. https://t.co/LxEIkOee1YThis shouldn’t be a partisan issue. Our kids need healthy, nutritious, fresh food. https://t.co/p6REzi42BoWe should be recommitting to policies that root out racial discrimination, but the Senate just passed a bill that undermines the ability of the @CFPB to protect against racial and ethnic discrimination in auto lending. A terrible idea for consumers.I talked to @GQMagazine about a conversation I had with my son after the president attacked me on Twitter, why I’ll always speak out against sexual assault, and the incredible women pioneers whose stories I can’t get enough of: https://t.co/MGrjkUCt4k https://t.co/Hb3hDol8xcFirst Lady Barbara Bush was a remarkable, passionate public servant who represented our country with the utmost grace and dignity. Sending my condolences and prayers to the entire Bush family.We face an uphill battle in this Congress and with this White House, so I’ll need you to raise your voices to demand justice. We can’t rest while millions of kids go to bed at night on empty stomachs. We can pass legislation to tackle the hunger crisis, and we must.It breaks my heart to think of girls and boys coming home from school and finding nothing for them to eat. Ending hunger is a moral issue, and it’s something all of us need to fight for.Let’s say it together, and let’s say it loud: We should help make sure more families and children can eat, not less.Republicans and President Trump are going the wrong direction. House Republicans just released a plan that could kick millions of households off of the current SNAP program.If there’s one thing we should all agree on, it’s this: Every kid should have healthy, nutritious and fresh food. I’m introducing legislation, called the SNAP for Kids Act, to expand nutrition assistance to families who need it.If Republicans could give $1.5 trillion in tax cuts to corporations and the wealthiest among us, why can’t we invest a similar amount in a guaranteed jobs plan for regular Americans who are unemployed and willing to work to better their local community?This remains one of my top priorities. Today, on tax day, I posted my state and federal tax returns online, alongside my returns for every year I have served in Congress. Would be nice if the president would hold himself to the same standard.Every elected leader should commit to transparency and accountability. I was proud to be the first member of Congress to post my personal financial disclosures, earmark requests, and official daily meetings online.As more teachers organize and raise their voices, they need to hear from us. Let’s tell teachers now: We’re with you. Stay with it, and stay together. And thank you for caring for our kids and their futures as you do for your own.The Colorado Education Association found that teachers spend an average of $656 from their own pockets, each year, to make sure their students have what they need. This is the wrong way to fund our kids’ education.Colorado teachers walked out today. Teacher pay in that state ranks 46th in the country. Educators are paid about $7,000 less than the national average. This can’t be how we treat people who dedicate their lives to our shared future.When these teachers speak out, they’re fighting for all of us – especially our kids. They’re asking for the chance to focus their energy on giving students the best education possible. We need to stand with them.There’s a movement growing across this country, from West Virginia to Oklahoma and Arizona to Kentucky, and now in Colorado. Educators are raising their voices for fair pay and adequate resources to help their students succeed.I’m calling on my colleagues to reform how Washington handles sexual assault and harassment. If we can’t clean up our own act, how can anyone expect Congress to do the right thing for survivors in the rest of the country? https://t.co/nhvB7UigZeWith no discussion of strategy and consequences, which could be significant, I do not support this decision.Assad’s use of chemical weapons against his own people was evil. However, President Trump has no legal basis for this strike. He does not have an authorization for the use of military force against Syria by Congress.I was honored to share a stage with so many incredible women at the @Variety #PowerofWomen luncheon! Standing with these inspiring honorees was a vivid example of what I’m reminded of every day: Women are a relentless force for progress. And we are changing the world. https://t.co/6eZWIdB41Y23 women in the Senate is simply not enough. That's why I was so glad to join forces with @LisaMurkowski at #WITW to discuss why it's so important to elect more women! So inspiring to be around some amazing women leaders and change-makers. https://t.co/MR0zCveCzOAnother look at our first Congressional Women’s Softball practice! If you ask me, I think @SenJoniErnst just might be the secret to our win this year. https://t.co/Rs2Nz2QVY0Thrilled to join my friend @LisaMurkowski and many remarkable women changemakers at the #WITW summit this afternoon! You can watch our panel (and the whole event) live here: https://t.co/DCH68CqC5z https://t.co/gfNC3VBp6KThe latest example of Washington’s soft corruption and revolving door. A coal lobbyist should have no place inside the EPA, and certainly not as second in command. https://t.co/EmyHzlJSbSI'm so honored to get to introduce these amazing women at tomorrow’s #PowerofWomen event in New York City! https://t.co/5eNL380BAmBrown v. Board of Education was a unanimous decision by the Supreme Court to outlaw segregation in schools. This shouldn't be a "difficult area" of agreement. https://t.co/bEEPhShm1mThe delayed response by NYSEG and RG&amp;E to last week’s windstorm is unacceptable. Our electric utilities must stop dragging their feet and prioritize improving their response to customers across New York State who’ve lost power. https://t.co/SkD1tQffIYWho’s going to tell them?

This is EXACTLY why I hope you’ll support the incredible number of women and people of color running for office this November. https://t.co/xZ1dMWECbf https://t.co/0sZ8sacjuMContact your elected officials today and demand they protect the integrity of Mueller’s investigation – and ask your friends to do the same. For our country and our democracy, we all need to speak out.This investigation must be allowed to continue. If crimes were committed, the people responsible must be held accountable, period.We cannot let this president undermine the rule of law and attack our democracy to protect himself, his inner circle and his business interests. It’s up to all of us to fight back.My colleagues on both sides of the aisle and I are demanding a vote on a bill to protect Mueller’s investigation. In this moment of uncertainty, I need you to make your voice heard.As President Trump reportedly edges toward firing special counsel Robert Mueller, we need legislation that makes it clear: The president is not above the law.Today, on Yom HaShoah, we remember the 6 million Jews who perished in the Holocaust at the hands of Nazis. As we commemorate 75 years since the Warsaw Ghetto Uprising, let us all continue to stand strong against all forms of hate and intolerance.His extreme views on torture, climate change, women, and the LGBTQ community are unacceptable for our nation's top diplomat and do not reflect our American values overseas.It's a mistake to confirm a Secretary of State who has supported the president's threats to leave the Iran Deal—an action that would destabilize an already unstable region and make it harder to negotiate with North Korea.I voted against Mike Pompeo to be the CIA Director because he was a bad pick for the job. He is an even worse choice to be our top diplomat, especially right now with the challenges we face around the world.Happy (cold) spring! It was so great to be out this morning for the first Congressional Women's Softball practice of the year. https://t.co/AYTSkvuk42Mueller must be allowed to continue his investigation into Russian interference in our democracy. The Senate needs to step up to this moment and put the bipartisan bills to protect his investigation on the floor now for a vote.