Real power does not reside in Washington, D.C., it lives in each and every one of us – and it is up to each and every one of us to use our voices and take to the streets.In the last century, there have been 200 attempts to get Congress to pass federal anti-lynching legislation. All have failed. it’s time for that to change. I’ve introduced a federal anti-lynching bill. Let’s pass it this Congress. https://t.co/BeI3ZAq9euPresident Trump wants to nominate someone to the Supreme Court who will overturn Roe v. Wade. What this is really about is punishing women for wanting to control their bodies, their lives, and their futures.Years from now, people will ask us where we were in this moment. We don’t want the answer to be how we felt. We want the answer to be what we did.Today, I’m headed out to rally in downtown LA because #FamiliesBelongTogether – find a march near you. https://t.co/xRfwf9mq3YI’ll be at the #FamiliesBelongTogether rally tomorrow in downtown LA I urge everyone in the area to come out and join me. These children and their parents need our support.My mantra: we must choose hope, over hate; action, over apathy. Every single day.UPDATE: I’m working on legislation with @SenJeffMerkley and @SenCortezMasto that would require the Administration to take concrete steps to reunify the 2,000 children who remain separated from their families and do the same for any future separated families.The American people deserve to have their voice heard on this Supreme Court seat. We shouldn’t consider a nominee until they have voted at the ballot box.The fight over this Supreme Court seat is going to be one of the most serious fights we’ve faced under this President.
 
We cannot relent. https://t.co/urdaMwDYuLToday, I’m reminded of the commitment I made on Election Night 2016. When our nation’s values and ideals are under attack – do we retreat or do we fight?
 
I say, we fight. #SaveSCOTUS https://t.co/K07EreCto7The President’s list of potential SCOTUS nominees are complete non-starters. They are conservative ideologues, not mainstream jurists. We cannot and will not accept them to serve on the highest court in the land.Given the stakes of this Supreme Court seat, which will determine the fate of fundamental constitutional rights, the American people, who will vote in less than 4 months, deserve to have their voice heard. We shouldn't vote on confirmation until they have voted at the ballot box.This Supreme Court vacancy puts issues that affect every single American in the balance, from a woman’s constitutionally protected right to make her own health care decisions to privacy, equality and civil rights.A REMINDER: This morning approximately 2,000 children woke up without their parents, not knowing where they were, not knowing when they would see them again. 
 
They must be reunited immediately. We can’t stop shouting about this.Congress must act to bolster the American labor movement that built the middle class of this country. It is up to all of us to fight to protect the ability of working families to make a living wage and pursue the American dream now more than ever.We cannot ignore that this decision is part of an ongoing trend of the Roberts Court that has repeatedly sided with employers over employees, corporations over consumers, and special interests over vulnerable Americans.Today's ruling in Janus vs. AFSCME undermines the basic premise, held up by courts for over 4 decades, that if a union represents all employees in negotiating &amp; administering a collective bargaining agreement, then all employees ought to share the costs of that representation.Our country’s success depends on the right of all workers to collectively negotiate fair wages, benefits and protections.When I was AG of CA, I defended a law that kept anti-choice “clinics” from lying to and misleading patients about their health care options. Today, the Supreme Court wrongly decided those clinics can withhold medical information from women. All women deserve full access to care.6.26.13 Prop 8 was dismissed.
6.26.15 Marriage equality became the law of the land.

Happy Anniversary to all the couples celebrating in the coming days. #LoveisLove https://t.co/RhNvcXU8zeLet’s be clear – this Muslim Ban was never been about national security. It was about discrimination against immigrants and an entire religion.The Supreme Court’s decision to uphold the President’s Muslim Ban is shameful. 

This nation was built upon the promise that people of all faiths should be welcome to our shores. Today's decision is an utter failure on that promise and an abdication of our moral leadership.On Friday, I visited the Otay Mesa detention facility to meet with the mothers who had their children taken from them. We must keep fighting to reunite these families. https://t.co/9XCK57kDw6I’ve just introduced a bill to require that farm workers are paid minimum wage and have overtime rights. This is a matter of basic fairness and justice. https://t.co/d57Ks1P6kmThe mothers I spoke with today who have had their children taken, they think that they're alone. We need to remind them and everyone else that they are not alone and that we all stand with them. https://t.co/KZFI8vtUluThis is unacceptable. These mothers have fled some of the murder capitals of the world and fled domestic violence. And our government is treating them like they pose the same threat as a member of a transnational gang.These women do not know for certain where their children are, do not know if and when they will be reunited and some have not been able to even speak with them by phone.Just finished touring the Otay Mesa detention facility. We were not allowed by ICE to bring phones or cameras inside. During my visit, I spoke with mothers who have been separated from their children, some as young as five years old.A little later today, I will be in San Diego to visit with mothers at the Otay Mesa Detention Facility who were separated from their children at the border. I’ll share updates of what I see and learn. Check back with me as the day goes on.As I prepare to visit mothers at the Otay Mesa Detention Facility who were separated from their children at the border, I’m thinking of the more than 2,000 children who woke up this morning scared and without their parents. https://t.co/dUnNokpWWlThere are over 2,000 children in our country who will go to bed tonight asking, “Where’s my mommy, where’s my daddy?” This is an outrage. https://t.co/occYiIH5pEThis morning thousands of children woke up without their parents, not knowing where they were, not knowing when they would see them again. 

The Executive Order yesterday doesn’t change that. They must be reunited immediately.On the Senate floor now to talk about the Trump Administration's zero-tolerance policy and this executive order. Watch live. https://t.co/zwejC8RbqlOur immigrant detention system is massive &amp; rampant with abuse. The White House wants to pour more money into it to imprison families. I urge my colleagues to support the DONE Act to prohibit the expansion or construction of new detention facilities &amp; increase oversight funding.This Executive Order in no way deals with reuniting the *two thousand three hundred* children who have been torn away from their parents and remain separated. When will they see their parents again? They must be reunited immediately.This Executive Order doesn’t fix the crisis. Indefinitely detaining children with their families in camps is inhumane and will not make us safe.This Administration must end the zero-tolerance policy, which has created this crisis. It can be reversed by the President right now. https://t.co/TJybN4MmVMThis is a human rights abuse committed by the United States government. https://t.co/FQVoCXPcVVKirstjen Nielsen should resign immediately. She is leading an agency that is separating children from their parents for no reason. It’s immoral, it’s unnecessary, and it’s got to stop. She should goTaking these babies from their parents is unnecessary and it’s cruel. The law does not require it. We’re talking about innocent children who are being traumatized. https://t.co/LVRwEoICNzEvery single Democrat in the United States Senate supports our Keep Families Together Act to end the Trump Administration’s inhumane child separation policy.  
 
I urge the rest of my colleagues to join us.The President could make one phone call and stop this. https://t.co/iwv737CJA8I can’t support a bill that green lights a nuclear program, chipping away at our country’s credibility as stewards of peace in the world and further abdicating Congressional responsibility and oversight to this Administration. The American people deserve better.While I support the majority of the programs in the NDAA, I voted NO - it grants the Administration new, unchecked powers to develop &amp; administer a low-yield submarine-launched ballistic missile. These weapons make us less safe by increasing the likelihood of nuclear escalation.We must speak the truth. There is no law that says the Administration has to rip children away from their families. This Administration can and must reverse course now.If leaders say they care about family values, then they cannot support the separation of families that inflicts lasting trauma on children and parents. https://t.co/oIvyh79YS5DHS Sec. Nielsen's record of misleading statements - including yesterday’s denial that the Administration even had a policy of separating children at the border - are disqualifying. She should resign immediately.It's time for Secretary Nielsen to resign. The government should be in the business of keeping families together, not tearing them apart. And the government should have a commitment to transparency and accountability. Under her tenure, DHS does not have a track record of either.They have also separated families at the ports of entry - and despite encouraging people to go to the ports to apply for asylum, they want to make it harder to apply for asylum.This Administration has been talking about family separation as a deterrent since March of last year. Watch this. https://t.co/61HbFO4t1RLet’s be clear, this Administration, including DHS knows they could stop the zero-tolerance policy right now and let these children be with their families.BREAKING: The Associated Press is now reporting that almost 2,000 children have been separated from their families in just 6 weeks. The Trump Administration must end this immoral policy immediately.On the 6th Anniversary of DACA, a few facts:
 
-&gt; Trump arbitrarily ended DACA.
-&gt; The majority of Americans believe we should protect Dreamers.
-&gt; The GOP has control of the House, Senate &amp; White House.
 
They can &amp; should act to pass the DREAM Act.Republicans are going to try to use ending the immoral policy of separating children &amp; parents as leverage to pass some other immoral policy. It should be ended period - no strings attached. There's no room for callous calculation when it comes to the wellbeing of children.We have a bill to stop the Trump Administration's zero-tolerance policy of ripping children away from their parents. It's called the Keep Families Together Act.

Here’s what you can do: contact your representatives &amp; voice your outrage. Then, call the White House &amp; do the same. https://t.co/xuyOR4vPRQLet’s call this policy what it is: a human rights abuse being committed by the United States government. https://t.co/F32pEAwXPXThe deadline for my office’s fall internship program in Washington, D.C. is days away (June 15). Find out more about how to apply here. https://t.co/olbHjznFV3A Republican-sponsored provision in the NDAA takes away Congress’ power to decide when to develop and deploy low-yield nuclear weapons and gives it to the President. I am strongly opposed to it. Giving Trump and every president after him this blanket authority is dangerous.The Department of Homeland Security has separated at least 1,300 children from their parents at the border since October of 2017. They have not given Congress data about it or the reasons for it. This immoral policy must be stopped. https://t.co/8W68SkXaspIt’s clear the government got it very wrong in Puerto Rico. We owe grieving communities accurate information, and we need this data to understand how we can save more lives in the aftermath of future disasters. https://t.co/vUkCnqCXI0Investing resources in former offenders as they are re-entering the community is just a smart thing to do. We know it works. Years ago, I created the Back on Track initiative when I was District Attorney of San Francisco happy to see it at work in Philly. https://t.co/w0cp456XnDWe must act now to address the challenges we face in the development of quantum computing—our future depends on it. https://t.co/6yel1I7G2FIt’s past time that we address the gaps in our laws that allow sexual harassment to go unpunished and keep it in the shadows. #EMPOWER https://t.co/ndAvkotjmkYesterday, I met with representatives from the @AMarch4OurLives team including Charlie &amp; Matt. They’re about to head out on a nationwide tour to register voters with stops in California. They’re why I’m optimistic about the future. I’m with them all the way. https://t.co/O2LPssmihSTwo years after #Pulse, we remember the 49 lives lost. Let’s tell, read, and share their stories – and let’s unite around them. #HonorThemWithAction 

(Artwork by Kelly O’Brien) https://t.co/MT62zY4h8LToday, Attorney General Jeff Sessions announced he will overturn the rule that allowed Aminta, and other women who are survivors of domestic violence, from seeking refuge in America. We should all be ashamed. https://t.co/3c9bHclKxiAminta had, in fact, called the police on her husband several times, but the officers told her they wouldn’t interfere in a marital relationship. So, she fled to the United States to save her life.Her husband beat her. He raped her. Once, he poured turpentine on her skin - he wanted to set her on fire. He threated to kill her if she called the police or if she left him.It was Christmas Day when Aminta Cifuentes crossed into the United States seeking asylum to save her life. Aminta, a Guatemalan citizen, was fleeing her abusive husband. She had endured 10 years of violence.The repeal of #NetNeutrality rules goes into effect today, but this fight is not over. House Democrats are trying to gather support to force a vote to save Net Neutrality just like we did in the Senate.
 
Take action &amp; demand your representative save the free &amp; fair internet.The government failed Puerto Rico at every level in the wake of Hurricane Maria – including in getting an accurate death toll. Today, I introduced a bill to establish federal procedures for counting fatalities after natural disasters. This can’t ever happen again.The spirit of the census is that no one should go uncounted and no one should be invisible. It is clear this administration knows adding a citizenship question to the 2020 census threatens its accuracy, and still plans to include it. https://t.co/5iFpSAJwf3I’ve already contacted Ben Carson to demand a justification for his proposal to raise rent on low-income households. Still waiting for him to answer why they think this will do anything at all to help low-income families. https://t.co/xLF1LAR066Congratulations to our champs the @Warriors! Sorry @sensherrodbrown, looks like two years of drinks on you. #dubnationIt doesn’t have to be this way. It’s within Congress’ power to change our gun laws and make this country safer for our kids.  https://t.co/sBV2kt4VHEWe just introduced a bill to stop the Trump Administration’s immoral zero-tolerance policy of ripping immigrant children away from their parents.
 
Here’s what you can do: contact your representatives &amp; voice your outrage. Then, call the White House &amp; do the same: 202-456-1414.On this day in 1906, Teddy Roosevelt signed the Antiquities Act to protect national treasures. This administration has been working to gut it. To raise awareness I’m asking everyone to share pictures of some of their favorite public lands. Here are some of mine. #MonumentsForAll https://t.co/jyDc4eBT5WProud to cosponsor this bill. Now let’s fight to get it passed. These children deserve better from our country. https://t.co/MPOM0yqw5OIf you or someone you know may be at risk of suicide, help is available.
 
Call 1-800-273-8255 to reach the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline. It provides 24/7, free and confidential support for people in distress, and prevention &amp; crisis resources for you or your loved ones..@SenFeinstein &amp; I introduced a bill to prohibit the Trump Administration from indiscriminately separating immigrant children from their parents. Ripping kids from the arms of their parents is not border security. Our government should keep families together, not tear them apart.Not to be missed: the Senate confirmed Kenneth Marcus to lead the Department of Ed.’s Office for Civil Rights. He’s attacked programs that protect the civil rights of LGBTQ people, women, &amp; people of color. We’ll have to be viligant in resisting attacks on students’ civil rights.“A day has not gone by when the boy has failed to ask in Spanish, ‘When will I see my papa?’” 

Read this wrenching article about a child who was taken from his father at the border and try and tell me that the Trump Administration’s policy isn’t immoral. https://t.co/mP9kC03XLuQuantum computing is the next technological frontier that will change the world. Without adequate research and coordination we risk falling behind in the cyberspace race. Today, I introduced a bill to create an entity to support the development of quantum information science.This is corruption and mismanagement, plain and simple. Scott Pruitt should immediately resign or be fired. https://t.co/rumfJz9SvEPresident Trump has been nominating judges who are openly hostile towards the LGBTQ community &amp; have fought against full equality for LGBTQ Americans. These people are up for lifetime appointments and will have an impact on our justice system for decades. https://t.co/UaQ8nBJMQEBest part of my day: meeting with this group of California students. https://t.co/MJRzpwjjJ1From 1882 to 1968 there have been nearly 200 attempts to get Congress to pass federal anti-lynching legislation and all have failed. It’s about time we got a bill passed. I plan to introduce my own federal anti-lynching bill in the Senate.On this day in 1998, James Byrd Jr. was lynched – he was chained to the back of a truck by his ankles and dragged for miles down a paved road in East Texas. Lynching is a dark, despicable part of our history, and we must acknowledge that history, lest we repeat it.It’s clear we have to continue to fight for LGBTQ equality. This is a fight that every American who cares about equal rights and equal dignity must join. #PRIDEI’ve got a good feeling about tomorrow! #DubNation https://t.co/q8w0yiypIkPopped by the #ExperienceNH event to say hi to my friend @SenatorShaheen and grab a bite of Michele’s Sweet Shoppe popcorn! https://t.co/wtzrSjvjDMNo family should have to choose between paying for safe, clean drinking water and putting food on the table. I’ve introduced the Water Affordability Act of 2018 to help families who need it pay for rising sewer &amp; water bills.When the @WNBA champion team the @MinnesotaLynx didn’t receive an invitation to the White House, they decided to hold a day of service instead. https://t.co/Z21AYXrcn1Yesterday, I introduced the #EMPOWER Act, which will:
 
-Put companies on notice that they can't secretly financially protect harassers.
-Reduce the barriers preventing survivors from speaking out.
-Arm people with the resources to address systemic workplace harassment.If the #MeToo conversation ends without a meaningful change in our laws, then we will have failed not only the courageous women who have come forward, but also the next generation of women who will enter the workplace. Today, I introduced the #EMPOWER Act. https://t.co/230Xu0XAXvIt’s time to get with the times and make marijuana legal at the federal level. The priority of our law enforcement needs to be serious and violent crimes, not somebody smoking a joint on the street. https://t.co/tvSxfCm1Y4A clear example of how this administration’s immigration policies are damaging to public safety: fewer immigrants are reporting domestic abuse. 
https://t.co/2ZwGuhGQe8Whoever you are, whatever God you worship, and whatever your party affiliation is, you need to breathe clean air and drink clean water. In our personal habits, community initiatives, and national policies we’ve got a responsibility to care for our planet. #WorldEnvironmentDayIn the face of falsehoods being spoken about the Mueller investigation, let’s speak the truth: in one year, this investigation has yielded the indictments of 19 people and 3 companies, and 5 guilty pleas. Congress should act now to protect the special counsel.When our laws allow sexual harassers to go unpunished &amp; silence survivors, we know we’ve got a problem to fix. Today I'm introducing the #EMPOWER Act with @LisaMurkowski because ending harassment in the workplace starts with challenging the institutions that allowed it to thrive.Remembering this wisdom from RFK: “There are people in every time and every land who want to stop history in its tracks. They fear the future, mistrust the present, and invoke the security of a comfortable past which, in fact, never existed.”No one - including the President - is above the law. I can’t overstate the importance of Special Counsel Robert Mueller being able to complete his job without interference.Battles like this will keep coming &amp; we will continue to fight to uphold equal rights for all Americans. https://t.co/SeOiQl3KF1Today we #WearOrange for the victims of gun violence and their friends and family who live each day missing them. How many more people must die - on our sidewalks, in our schools, in our churches - before Congress has the courage to act?
 
Enough is enough. https://t.co/6Iy8zvPSJhHi everyone, Senator Harris' team here. Her town hall in Panorama City is underway right now. You can watch live here: https://t.co/Z5rOOJN9uUYou’re on. Will you be delivering those beverages in a @warriors jersey again this year? #dubnation https://t.co/nmJPFMeyV6The deadline to apply to participate in my office’s Fall Law Clerkship program is tomorrow, June 1. You can apply by visiting my website here: https://t.co/olbHjznFV3The government should be in the business of keeping families together, not tearing them apart. Indiscriminately separating children from their parents at the border is completely immoral. https://t.co/U7OaqmsysTBenje – a California kid – asked what this administration is doing to address gun violence in schools during today’s White House press briefing. His courage gives me hope. We won’t give up the fight. His generation will make change. https://t.co/OH2E5thA8TEven if you can’t make it to my town hall in the San Fernando Valley this week, I still want to hear from you. Tweet me your questions &amp; I’ll answer some at the town hall on Thursday.If we really want to help working Americans, then let’s take up causes that would actually put money into their hands, like raising the minimum wage, making public colleges and universities tuition-free, and guaranteeing access to health care for everyone.I demanded answers from DHS Secretary Nielsen about the Trump Administration's immoral policy of separating children from their parents at the border &amp; ports of entry last week. Her answers were beyond insufficient. https://t.co/2g2vo7EBJd72 countries effectively outlaw same-sex sexual relations between consenting adults. Eight apply the death penalty as a punishment. The idea that this Administration is calling into question the eligibility of LGBTQ people to claim asylum is unconscionable.Pleased to see @JimInhofe’s &amp; my resolution declaring this week National Public Works week passed in the Senate today.Join me for a town hall in the San Fernando Valley on May 31. Tickets are free and available at the link. https://t.co/QgzHVgq09h.@CoryBooker and I spoke with some students advocating for gun safety outside the Capitol today. I told them to keep fighting and promised them I would too. Congress must enact commonsense gun safety laws. https://t.co/qiRQ9EFdcGAnd about her extreme views on women’s health care here: https://t.co/1sqViLUyfHYou can read more about her refusal to endorse Brown v. Board here: https://t.co/0QgDBf7IxlWe can’t let this fly under the radar: the Trump administration is systemically appointing extreme judges to the federal bench. Today, over my objections the Judiciary Committee advanced the nomination of Wendy Vitter, someone who refused to endorse the Brown v. Board decision.Public works professionals make vital contributions to our country. They make sure our communities have clean water, effective mass transit, and safe roads and bridges. I’m proud to introduce a resolution with @JimInhofe to designate this week National Public Works Week.ATENCIÓN DREAMERS! Ahora puedes solicitar la renovación de tu permiso #DACA. Si cumples con los requisitos para renovar tu permiso DACA, debes hacerlo ya → https://t.co/LTupv9oKDDDreamers can still apply to renew their DACA. If you meet the requirements to apply for DACA renewal, you should apply today. Please retweet to help spread the word→ https://t.co/LTupv9oKDDA system where those at the top are rewarded while workers get left behind, is a broken system. We must fix it. https://t.co/69wk1PNl0V“Only when it is dark enough can you see the stars.”
 
#WednesdayWisdom from MLKThe domestic gag rule is an attack on our rights. The White House has no business deciding what a doctor or nurse can say to their patient about legal medical procedures. RT if you agree.No one’s civil rights should be undermined because of race, gender, sexual orientation, or gender identity. Today, I’m introducing the #DoNoHarm Act to protect the fundamental right to live a life free from discrimination.“Hope will never be silent.” – Harvey Milk #HarveyMilkDayWe can’t sleep on this. The White House is launching a direct attack on Planned Parenthood and other healthcare providers. Millions may lose access to cancer screenings, birth control, and checkups.
 
We need everyone shouting.
https://t.co/MLhPxvCnsiToday, we are grieving with Santa Fe High School, but we must do more. Making our schools safer for our children starts with passing the common-sense gun safety laws that the majority of Americans support. Another moment of silence will not suffice, we must act.I voted NO on the nomination of Gina Haspel for CIA Director. Torture is immoral and the person we choose to lead the CIA should be able to state that unequivocally to the American people.This is what a leader fighting for her city looks like. It was great to see the mayor of my hometown @LibbySchaaf today. https://t.co/5hBTmZc10LBREAKING: The Senate just voted to keep #NetNeutrality rules – a huge victory for protecting the free &amp; open internet.I voted NO on the nomination of Gina Haspel in the Senate Intelligence Committee today. The choice for CIA Director sends a clear signal about our values as a country. Senator McCain was right when he stated that her "refusal to acknowledge torture’s immorality is disqualifying."The White House wants to pour billions of dollars into ICE’s detention facilities, places where we know human rights abuses are being perpetrated. Enough is enough. Today, I’m introducing the DONE Act with @RepJayapal to prohibit the expansion or construction of new facilities.The Senate will vote on the resolution to save #NetNeutrality TOMORROW. 
 
Time to roll up our sleeves. 

We need everyone to take action &amp; raise their voices in support of a free and open internet TODAY.
  https://t.co/hmuE4pvi9YBetsy DeVos should be protecting students, not predatory for-profit colleges. https://t.co/BhG8t3EzptThink of the children desperately hoping for loving homes who will be hurt by this discriminatory law. https://t.co/n2yELzK1boClimate change is real and it poses a grave threat to our nation and our planet. It’s abundantly clear this Administration won’t tackle climate change head on, so state and local governments must. https://t.co/UQOK16txUFDomestic violence survivors seeking asylum in the U.S. deserve our protection. https://t.co/33isFyr5l9California has experienced 8 of its most destructive fires since 2016. We must protect our communities from these massive fires that will be exacerbated by climate change. This plan by @JerryBrownGov is the kind of investment &amp; big thinking needed to tackle this issue. https://t.co/p5txvNq5orThe priority of our law enforcement needs to be serious and violent crime, not somebody smoking a joint. We need to legalize marijuana at the federal level.Actively monitoring the situation at Highland High School in Palmdale. I’m grateful to the police officers and CHP on the scene.Of the more than 130 people who've served as presidents of the 12 Federal reserve banks, only 3 have been people of color. Yesterday, @RepBeatty &amp; I introduced the Diverse Leadership Act to get the Fed to do more to ensure that their heads of the table reflect those they serve.Behind the scenes of our Marijuana Justice Act video. Always a good time with Cory. https://t.co/tooRQ3twRMWe are simply trying to do our due diligence to find and vet nominees. Jamming through extreme and unqualified nominees undermines the very nature of the judicial branch’s role in our government.But the whole point of the blue slip process is to protect the ability of the home-state Senators to look out for the interests of their constituents and ensure that the judicial nominees who are up for lifetime appointments in the courts of their states are qualified and vetted.Under this Republican Congress, this convention is being violated because the majority wants to confirm judges that they agree with ideologically and as quickly as possible.No Democratic Judiciary Committee Chairman has ever held a hearing for a nominee over the objections of a Republican home-state Senator.Both Senators from the state where the judge is up for the appointment need to signal their approval for things to move forward. This process has been in place for 100 years.Here’s what’s going on in the Senate Judiciary Committee right now: traditionally, judicial appointments are only considered once Senators from the state where the nominee will be appointed indicate their approval by turning in what we call a “blue slip.”Making marijuana legal at the federal level is the smart thing to do and it’s the right thing to do. Today, I’m announcing my support for @CoryBooker’s Marijuana Justice Act. https://t.co/cOh3SjMaOWTorture is immoral and un-American and Gina Haspel should have stated that unequivocally in today's hearing.Based on her full record, today’s hearing &amp; the lack of transparency in this process, I will vote no on Gina Haspel's nomination for CIA Director. It sends the wrong signal to the CIA workforce, the American people, and countries abroad about our values.One way to fight the powerful interests stacking the deck against working people and their families is by creating more union jobs. I’m proud to cosponsor @SenSanders’ Workplace Democracy Act.The petition to force a vote on @SenMarkey’s resolution to save #NetNeutrality is officially filed. A vote in the Senate is imminent and we need just one more vote. Make your voices heard before it’s too late. Call your Senators today.I asked Trump nominee Gina Haspel four different times whether she believe the CIA’s previous interrogation techniques, like waterboarding, were immoral. She repeatedly declined to answer. https://t.co/UhH0j3U4uYIt should be our aspiration that no one in America goes hungry – but House Republicans are proposing slashing the budget for SNAP, a program that about 40 million Americans (the majority of which are children, elderly, or have disabilities) rely on to eat. It’s plain immoral.The White House is proposing paying for its tax giveaway to corporations and the top 1% by cutting billions in funding for the Children’s Health Insurance Program. Disgusting. https://t.co/1fp4D8fMCLAll CIA information related to any involvement Gina Haspel may have had in the CIA’s Rendition, Detention, and Interrogation program should be declassified and made available to the American people so they can judge for themselves.I’ll always remember seeing my 1st grade teacher, Mrs. Frances Wilson in the audience at my law school graduation. That’s just the kind of teacher she was – always there, always supporting. Thinking of her this #TeacherAppreciationDay.I asked a DHS official whether they were still considering a policy to separate parents from children at the border just two weeks ago. He evaded my question. Surely this official must have known today's announcement was in the works when I asked?Every time I’ve asked Trump officials about whether they are establishing the policy of separating children from parents at the border, they’ve refused to give me a straight answer. Today, they unveiled that exact policy.Wanted to share a photo of some of the beautiful artwork I have in my office. The two pieces behind me are called “Sweet 16” and “Indigo” and were painted by California artist @JuneCarol_E. https://t.co/ncB71cP7eeOur supposed leaders in Washington need to stop attacking immigrants and instead make clear that America is a place where immigrants and refugees are welcome and contribute to our society.
https://t.co/aMm8hj3GB7This week it needs to be the first priority of the United States Congress to pass legislation to protect the Special Counsel. We have a bipartisan bill ready to go. Republican leadership should bring it to the floor for a vote.On some reservations, Native women are murdered at a rate of 10 times the national average. This issue urgently needs our attention. #NotInvisible #MMIWGToday is Wildfire Community Preparedness Day &amp; communities across California and all over the country are chipping in to help reduce the risk for wildfires. Find a project near you: https://t.co/7s7H1MWyTv.We cannot have a civil society without gun safety laws. We need background checks. We need an assault weapons ban. Congress needs to have courage and act.Keep doing what you’re doing, girls. Your futures are bright.   https://t.co/1KARyq9UtPWe have to call these actions what they are: an attempt to remake the demographics of our country by cracking down on immigrants. https://t.co/bNMfU7yOAiThe American people have made it clear that our national monuments should be protected - but Congress recently learned that the administration doesn’t intend to take public comments into consideration. Public lands belong to the American people &amp; we deserve to be heard on this.Happy Asian American and Pacific Islander Heritage Month! Check out this amazing project from @NBCAsianAmerica. #AAPHM https://t.co/sPYpDoDG30This administration sold out the American people when they unlawfully moved to weaken our country’s clean car standards. I stand with the Attorneys General of the 17 states who are suing to stop them. Retweet if you do too.We must remember that this is a fight for something, not against something. It’s a fight for a job you rely on in a safe work place. It’s a fight for decent wages and it’s a fight for every American to have healthcare. #MayDayThis morning we once again see that Robert Mueller’s investigation is under threat. Congress must take action now to dramatically limit Trump’s ability to fire the Special Counsel.We will keep demanding answers about the reckless actions being carried out by ICE that are tearing families apart &amp; hurting our economy.The Senate is an independent branch of government &amp; has a responsibility under the Constitution to provide its advice and consent on this nomination.We’re still owed answers. Why wouldn’t he come before the Senate &amp; answer questions under oath? Was this administration concerned about what he’d say, or did they believe his nomination would have (rightly) been defeated?Thomas Homan, the controversial Trump nominee who has been performing the duties of ICE Director since January (despite not being confirmed by the Senate), announced today that he’ll resign as acting director &amp; withdraw his nomination in advance of potential nomination hearings.My Democratic colleagues &amp; I are demanding that this administration stop any plans to shrink Bears Ears and Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monuments until the courts have ruled on this attack on our public lands.Last week, the Senate Judiciary Committee advanced legislation to limit Trump’s ability to fire the Special Counsel. Now, we need Republican leaders to schedule a vote on it. Senators should have to let their constituents know where they stand on this issue &amp; be held accountable.Driftnets used to catch swordfish are injuring &amp; killing other animals off of California’s coast – including dolphins, whales, sharks &amp; turtles. That’s not okay. Senators Feinstein, Capito &amp; I introduced a bill to phase out driftnets in all U.S. waters. https://t.co/xz32eNxsYBScott Pruitt took no responsibility for his unethical actions. In any other administration he would be long gone by now. He should be fired or resign. https://t.co/8kSqZHnWIzDrawing my inspiration today from the great Coretta Scott King on what would be her 91st birthday:
 
“Freedom is never really won. You earn it and win it in every generation.” #CelebratingCorettaI’ve contacted Ben Carson to demand a justification for his proposal of a 300% increase in rent for low-income households. He needs to answer why on earth he thinks this will help low-income families.I asked Andrew Oldham – a man up for a lifetime judicial appointment - whether he believes voting discrimination exists four times. He wouldn’t answer. https://t.co/iMMTAA5HavIt’s been reported that hundreds of immigrant children have been taken from their parents at the border and at ports of entry. I’ve been demanding answers about this from the Trump administration for months and did again today. You can’t get a straight answer. https://t.co/VVD6xeK9AtWe owe it to our veterans to put the very best person we can find in charge of caring for their health and welfare. The next nominee put forth to be the Secretary of Veterans Affairs should be someone who is qualified, experience, and non-controversial.A couple of junior staffers joined me for a quick meeting this morning. Got to love her face paint. #TakeYourChildtoWorkDay https://t.co/mcmGhqUjYABREAKING: A bipartisan bill to protect the Special Counsel just passed the Senate Judiciary Committee. This bill should go to the Senate floor for a vote immediately. Americans deserve to know where their elected leaders stand. This is about the endurance of our democracy.Last week, at the bidding of the oil and gas industry, the Trump Administration took the first step in opening up the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge to drilling. 

This is another dangerous mistake that the Trump Administration considers a “win.”The Senate just voted to confirm Kyle Duncan for a lifetime appointment to the federal bench. I voted no &amp; would again if I could.Today, we solemnly mark 103 years since the Armenian Genocide began and remember the 1.5 million Armenians killed between 1915 and 1923. I’m proud to co-sponsor a Senate resolution to commemorate those lost and ensure U.S. acknowledgement of this horrific chapter in history.Pompeo's record on torture, surveillance, and the collection and use of metadata are inconsistent with American national security interests and values. I opposed his nomination to be CIA Director and will oppose his nomination to be Secretary of State.Something you may have missed: the Trump Administration preparing to deny funds to science-based programs to help prevent teen pregnancy, and give them to abstinence-only education programs. 

Let me be clear about this: abstinence-only education does not work.If you don’t agree that Brown v. Board of Education was decided correctly, my perspective is that you’ve got no business deciding any other case on any other court. https://t.co/PjTFzL349PLet’s speak the truth that our criminal justice system is badly broken. In 1968, there were 200,000 people locked up in state and federal prison. Today, there are 1.4 million.It was a historic moment yesterday when @SenDuckworth brought baby Maile the Senate floor (a well overdue one). I look forward to the day when we need a nursery off the side of the cloakroom of the United States Senate. https://t.co/8gaW3eId7oI’m part of a group of 39 senators and 131 representatives calling on Scott Pruitt to resign. This is the most Senators in U.S. history to sign on to a resolution formally calling for a cabinet official’s resignation.
 
The bottom line: Pruitt is corrupt. He must go.If it wasn’t already clear, America’s children won’t stop marching &amp; shouting until we do something to address the fact that kids are dying in their classrooms. Congress would be wise to listen. #NationalSchoolWalkoutWorkers who handle harmful chemicals &amp; pesticides have a right to know what they’re being exposed to. It’s a matter of health and safety. I’ve just introduced a bill with @SenCortezMasto to address it.I believe Kyle Duncan is unfit to serve. Please make your views him known to your Senators before his nomination is voted on.And, who is currently representing the creators of the North Carolina Bathroom Bill targeting transgender students? Kyle Duncan.Guess who was one of the attorneys petitioning the Supreme Court to uphold Louisiana’s ban on marriage equality? Kyle Duncan.Kyle Duncan also tried to get the Supreme Court to reinstate a racist voter ID law that "targeted African-Americans with almost surgical precision."Remember the Hobby Lobby Supreme Court case where corporate bosses argued for the ability to block their employees' access to birth control? The lead lawyer was Kyle Duncan.The Senate may soon vote on the nomination of Kyle Duncan for a lifetime appointment to the federal bench. This man has spent much of his career advocating against LGBTQ rights, women’s rights, immigrants’ rights, and voting rights.In her Emmy acceptance speech, @LenaWaithe said, “The things that make us different, those are our superpowers.”
 
Lena, thanks to you, millions of Americans are donning their capes. #Time100 https://t.co/aEwdESk43aMy advice: somebody is going to make the decision  —  so why not let it be you? https://t.co/emyPoYC4JvWhat Americans really deserve is an EPA Administrator that will protect their right to breathe clean air and drink clean water, but at the very least they should have one that isn't corrupt. Pruitt should resign.Sad to hear about the passing of Barbara Bush. She was dedicated to this country and devoted to her family and friends. My thoughts are with them during this time.Congratulations to @NorthBayNews on receiving this well-deserved recognition. https://t.co/jhAeAv6pI6The truth is the Republican tax plan will blow up the deficit while denying millions of Americans access to affordable health care. This is doing less, not more to give Americans a shot at a decent retirement. That’s just plain wrong. https://t.co/Zd4j4O8BU7Many people do not know that Black women are 243% more likely to die from pregnancy or childbirth-related causes. I introduced a resolution in the Senate officially designating this week as #BlackMaternalHealthWeek. We must raise awareness &amp; address this issue.We spoke up &amp; reminded this Administration that public lands belong to all of us. Our voices made them pull back a proposal that would've caused entrance fees to skyrocket. This is great news, but we still have work to do to ensure everyone can access our National Parks.Today, we solemnly remember the six million Jews murdered in the Holocaust and reaffirm the eternal promise: never again. It is our moral responsibility to stand firm against bigotry and hatred in all its forms.I’m firmly against Andrew Wheeler’s nomination. We should not put a coal lobbyist second-in-command at the Environmental Protection Agency. That is absurd.I asked Trump nominee Wendy Vitter whether she promoted a brochure entitled “The Pill Kills” at a panel she moderated.
 
She said she was just encouraging the audience to take the brochure to their doctor to get their advice.
 
Video from that panel shows something different. https://t.co/WFcJYQKX5LHeads up: scientists and engineers from @NASA’s next mission to Mars will be touring California this month. Seems like a great way to spend a few hours with friends or family. You can get more information here --&gt; https://t.co/5MzIGGKqjlToday, I questioned one of Trump’s judicial nominees, Wendy Vitter. She has a horrendous record on women's health care. She's gone after Planned Parenthood &amp; encouraged women to discuss a brochure claiming the pill leads to "more infidelity and adultery" with their physicians. https://t.co/N4iFdHfAuCIt should not be hard or controversial to say "I agree with the decision made in Brown v. Board of Education." https://t.co/dlew7PI13PI support the bipartisan bill introduced by my colleagues @SenThomTillis, @LindseyGraham, @CoryBooker &amp; @ChrisCoons to ensure Special Counsel Mueller can complete his work without interference. We should vote on it immediately.Yesterday, Mark Zuckerberg admitted that Facebook made the conscious decision not to inform 87 million users that their personal information had been misused by Cambridge Analytica. That raises serious concerns about the company’s claimed commitment to transparency.Wishing @DoloresHuerta a very happy birthday! Thank you for your courage and your activism.Mark Zuckerberg’s failure to answer several critical questions during his appearance before the Senate today leaves me concerned about how much Facebook values trust and transparency. https://t.co/adTrqDkU04Mark Zuckerberg will appear before the Senate Judiciary Committee in just a few minutes. My team is streaming the whole hearing live on Facebook. Expect me to ask questions in the 5 o’clock hour. https://t.co/GKwRCnyEg0In honor of #EqualPayDay, a few infuriating facts:
 
On average women are paid just 80 cents for every dollar paid to a man.

Black women are paid 63 cents for every dollar.

Latinas are paid 54 cents.Trump again floated the idea of firing Mueller yesterday. Every member of Congress should be speaking up. Mueller must be allowed to do his job without any political interference.Congratulations to my friend @SenDuckworth on the birth of her baby girl, Maile Pearl!Today, @SenatorCollins and I introduced legislation to ensure we remove any red tape that prevents animals who have been rescued from cruelty by federal agents from being safely placed in a loving home as quickly as possible. We call it the HEART Act..@SenatorLankford &amp; I sat down with @60minutes to discuss Russia’s attack on our elections and the path forward. You can watch tonight on @CBS.There are whole industries being built up around people incarcerating and detaining black, brown, and poor people. We need to address that. #LBTownHallThere is a direct connection between public education and public safety. #LBTownHallThis fight is not about fighting against something. It's about fighting for something - fighting for the ideals of this country. #LBTownHallHi everyone, Kamala's team here. We'll be live-tweeting from her town hall today in Long Beach. You can also watch a live stream of the town hall on her Facebook page. It starts in just a few minutes: https://t.co/JN89WGsnEzThanks to the folks at @SmrtGrls we'll be live-streaming from my town hall in Long Beach later today. Tune in starting at 1:30 PM PT/4:30 PM ET. https://t.co/J944ScCiVqEllen asked me some pretty tough questions. Starting with this first one... https://t.co/lwRKSo7ZzAYesterday, I met with Stephon Clark's grandmother in Sacramento. My heart breaks over what happened to her grandson. In the face of deep, personal grief, his family members, friends &amp; this whole community have been courageous leaders &amp; kept this issue in the national spotlight. https://t.co/8pombrKLD2The vast majority of us have so much more in common than what separates us. At this moment when so many are spewing division &amp; hatred, it is important for us to remember that. It is important for us to remember that all mothers and grandmothers grieve when they lose their child.Question: Would you state unequivocally that firing Mueller would be an impeachable offense?

Answer: I can’t see how it wouldn’t be. #SacramentoTownHallAll the great movements have been led by our students and our young people. So you keep leading.A reminder that you can tune in to Senator Harris’ #SacramentoTownHall live here: https://t.co/0vVkGoK9FxQuestion: Will you support legislation taking corporate money out of elections and overriding Citizen's United?

Answer: Yes.

#SacramentoTownHallThere is no question that Stephon Clark's life should not have been ended. My heart breaks. #SacramentoTownHallHi everyone, Senator Harris' team here. We’ll be live-tweeting her town hall in Sacramento. Follow along here &amp; watch it live on her Facebook page: https://t.co/J944ScCiVqI’ll be on @TheEllenShow today! I had a lot of fun joining Ellen on the show (and meeting her mom backstage). Tune in!The dream still lives and my dream is building bridges, not walls. #DreamStillLives https://t.co/3WLc98Be67Something that’s being lost amidst the scandals: Ben Carson is setting out to change the mission of the Department of Housing and Urban Development so that it doesn’t fight housing discrimination.My prayers are with the loved ones of the four Marines who lost their lives in yesterday’s helicopter crash.  https://t.co/IXBCdCNvQR"The caged bird sings   
with a fearful trill   
of things unknown   
but longed for still   
and his tune is heard   
on the distant hill   
for the caged bird   
sings of freedom.”
 
– Maya AngelouThe final lines of MLK's last speech: “I may not get there with you. But I want you to know tonight, that we, as a people will get to the promised land. And I’m happy tonight, I’m not worried about anything. I’m not fearing any man. Mine eyes have seen the glory of the Lord.”Fifty years later, Dr. King continues to challenge us. Now is not the time to throw up our hands, it's the time to roll up our sleeves. #MLK50Actively monitoring the shooting incident at YouTube in San Bruno. Grateful to law enforcement and first responders on the scene.I hope we live to achieve Dr. King's purpose, and that is true equality, which can only come through racial and economic justice. https://t.co/Zfn8SIsU7UThere isn’t a “left” or “right” when it comes to protecting Dreamers. There is a right and wrong. Period. 
 
The White House made clear what side it was on a long time ago when they rescinded DACA and created this crisis.Today’s decision by the EPA to weaken vehicle emissions standards is another example of the Trump Administration siding with big oil at the expense of the American people. In this country, we have a right to breathe clean air. We will keep fighting for that right.Wishing everyone renewed hope &amp; joy this Easter Sunday, and to all the kids out there: good luck hunting for eggs!Today is #TransDayOfVisibility. To all trans Americans: you are welcome here, you belong here, and we stand with you as partners in the fight for justice.En #CesarChavezDay, reconocemos a un campeón por la justicia social y renovamos nuestro compromiso de corregir injusticias.“If you want to remember me, organize!” - César ChávezBest wishes to all celebrating Passover. Chag Sameach!No one should have to choose between receiving quality healthcare and putting food on their table, a roof over their head, or retiring with dignity.Pregnant women detained by ICE are often forced to live in poor conditions and denied adequate health care. Now, this Administration wants to detain more pregnant women as a policy. This doesn’t make our country any safer, it’s just cruel.
https://t.co/uuGjMPk5BnIf we really want to help working Americans, then let’s take up causes that would actually put money into their hands, like raising the minimum wage, making public colleges and universities tuition-free, and guaranteeing access to health care for everyone.There’s clearly a right and a wrong side here. One side wants to make sure the census is properly executed so that states get adequate funding and representation. The other wants to protect gerrymandering. https://t.co/f4RDfRpaLe"How many more times does it have to? How many more people have to die? Thoughts and prayers won’t stop it, laws and actions will."From a letter I got last week: "I’m just twelve years old, but I know how to use my voice. I saw what happened in Parkland, I saw what happened in Las Vegas, I saw what happened in San Bernardino, I saw what happened in Orlando. I know it will happen again." https://t.co/iMQFyd3QUx“There is never time in the future in which we will work out our salvation. The challenge is in the moment; the time is always now.” - James Baldwin #WednesdayWisdom“I represent the African-American women who are victims of gun violence, who are simply statistics instead of vibrant, beautiful girls full of potential.” –Naomi Wadler, Age 11. https://t.co/xGv67mzEU2Looking forward to this! https://t.co/Do0spGHL5YThe spirit of the census is that no one should go uncounted and no one should be invisible. By adding a citizenship question to the 2020 census, this Administration is threatening its accuracy.The idea of arming teachers is ridiculous, that a 2nd-grader would look up at the front of their classroom and see their teacher strapped with a gun is absolutely outrageous. Teachers want to teach.I’ll remind you that the Civil Rights Movement was in large-part led by young people in their 20’s. What I saw over the weekend reminds me of that. Young leaders leading.We cannot have a civil society without reasonable gun safety laws. We need background checks. We need an assault weapons ban. Congress needs to have the courage these young people have and act.This movement doesn’t stop today. It’s just getting started. These young people are going to change this country. #MarchForOurLivesI'm marching today in Los Angeles for all the victims of gun violence and their families. Congress must act. #MarchForOurLives https://t.co/vneFQooxwYWe’ve had the tragedies. We have the good ideas. What we need is Congress to have the courage to act. #MarchForOurLivesFahari Jeffers got her start as a community organizer, helped found the United Domestic Workers of America, and just this week was inducted into the San Diego County Women’s hall of fame. https://t.co/lG4SuVIu6hTomorrow, kids and families all across this country will take to the streets and demand that Congress finally do something meaningful to address gun violence. You can find a march near you here —&gt; https://t.co/tCTYz3JGeBNancy was courageous, fearless and strong. I sought her counsel often, and her advice was always wise and guided by a clear vision of what was just and in the best interests of our state. Nancy's passing is all of California's loss. She will be dearly missed. https://t.co/tVedkW3ZfbHappy #NationalPuppyDay! Here’s Harper, our nearly one-year-old resident office pup, doing his thing. https://t.co/vY2ZoHkh1EWe need Medicare for All, but as long as private health care continues to exist, they should meet the standards of our public health programs. That's why I’ve signed on to @SenWarren’s legislation.  https://t.co/KLgsGUHGsMLastly, this bill includes significant funding for states to fortify their election systems against attacks by foreign powers. While we urgently need to do more to improve our election defenses, this is a good step and the result of a bipartisan effort.And, as a proud graduate of @HowardU I’m pleased @SenDougJones &amp; I were able to secure increased funding for HBCUs. They are critical to the foundation of our higher education system, and provide opportunities for some of the nation’s most promising &amp; deserving students.However, today’s deal makes progress on issues I’ve fought hard for. Among them, it includes a long-term fix to ensure wildfires are funded like other disasters. This is a change @SenFeinstein and I have worked hard to make in the wake of the wildfires that devastated California.To start, this bill does not provide protections for the 700,000 Dreamers who are living in an ongoing crisis that was entirely created by the Trump Administration. Until these young people’s futures are secure, I cannot support it.I wanted to share a few thoughts on the government funding bill Congress will vote on today.In honor of #WorldPoetryDay, a poem from a brilliant young poet from California @KinsaleHueston. Some more of her work can be read here: https://t.co/JpHMi3Upka https://t.co/23nPSqCcYwWe had a lot of fun celebrating @SenDuckworth with a baby shower yesterday! https://t.co/idDHIkOByfThe need to act to secure our election infrastructure against attacks by foreign powers couldn’t be more urgent. Elections are upon us. States are already voting. https://t.co/3lAKVHxVHCHappy #WorldPoetryDay. Here’s one from the great Maya Angelou. https://t.co/qpFr04DRrsLeaders from Facebook and Cambridge Analytica must appear in front of Congress to take responsibility, explain how this happened, and help ensure it never happens again.I voted to end U.S. involvement in the Saudi-led air campaign in Yemen, which has killed more than 10,000 people, contributed to a humanitarian crisis, and was never authorized by Congress. We must reassert our constitutional authority to authorize war &amp; conduct oversight.At a minimum, this president has been testing the waters to see if he could get away with firing Mueller. Every member of Congress should be speaking up. Mueller must be allowed to do his job without any political interference.We are still mourning the last school shooting, and already there are reports of another. Enough is enough.We need to pass the Dream Act. Now. #DreamActNowWe don’t for one second forget that it was the White House who created this crisis when it arbitrarily ended the DACA program. And even with clear bipartisan support to protect Dreamers from deportation, this White House has repeatedly stood in the way.I had a lot of fun with these Dreamers, but on a grave note, these DACA recipients don’t know what tomorrow will bring – except that it might require them to leave the only place they’ve ever known as home. https://t.co/04qPwQq6dTEnjoyed sitting down with @VogueMagazine to share a bit about my work in the Senate. The full article is available here --&gt; https://t.co/wegXOHqukxA great read from @SenFeinstein a new question the Trump Administration is adding to the 2020 census and how it will hurt California. https://t.co/8LhwxIfjGpREMINDER: Residents of Southern California recovering from December wildfires and January mudslides – This Monday, March 19, is the last day to register for disaster unemployment assistance. To apply please fill out the online application at https://t.co/WCbrlNduTNWe need to have common sense gun safety laws in our country, I don’t know what we’re waiting for. We don’t need any more tragedies.Arming teachers is a terrible idea for host of reasons, but we need to have a serious conversation about what that would mean Black and Latino children in our classrooms. https://t.co/mBd9ohKn80REMINDER: Residents of Southern California recovering from December wildfires and January mudslides – tomorrow (March 16th) is the last day to register for federal disaster assistance. To apply please visit https://t.co/cASkOxM4B8We need Congress to act. #EnoughisEnough https://t.co/V0uHmLP6AQMartin Luther King was only 26 when he helped lead the Montgomery Bus Boycott.
John Lewis was 21 when he went down to Mississippi as one of the original Freedom Riders.
Diane Nash was 22 when she started leading sit-ins in Nashville. 

Our youth have always been our future.The movement these young people have started has the level of vitality and integrity, and the kind of honesty and commitment that will change this country. #NationalWalkoutDayI stand with these children. #NotOneMoreToday, 7,000 pairs of shoes were left in front of the Capitol to represent every child that was killed by gunfire since Sandy Hook. When will Congress have the courage to act? https://t.co/B2KluDg8aUA beautiful essay from @saaaranotsarah about the sacrifices our immigrant parents make. https://t.co/QvEQLIdIdlLet me be perfectly clear: Trump’s border wall is a waste of taxpayer money.Looking forward to delivering this year’s commencement address to @UCBerkeley’s 2018 graduating class.Two weeks ago, the Supreme Court heard a case that poses a serious threat to the rights of working Americans. Last week, I wrote about it in the @MercNews. https://t.co/WjaJKEzGXSMore sad news today. My prayers are with those involved in the shootings at Yountville and Pomona. Thank you to the brave law enforcement officers and the first responders working to keep us safe.Horrified by reports of an active shooter at a Yountville veterans home. I am following reports closely. Thank you to the law enforcement officers and first responders in the scene. My thoughts are with all those involved.Looking forward to meeting young leaders and speaking to Bay Area community leaders at @ymcasf’s Y for Youth Luncheon today! #ymcasfJeff Sessions should be advised that it's a bad idea for him to talk about anything to do with the history of slavery, reconstruction, or the civil war in the United States. His credibility is pretty much shot on those issues. https://t.co/UAHuAn5GMIDEADLINE: The public comment period for the Trump Administration’s plan to open our shores to offshore oil drilling ends tomorrow. Act now and make your voice heard. Here’s the link: https://t.co/uL3Tdcpw4cThere are still countries where women who engage in the political process face not only slurs—they face rape, violence and death. Imagine being killed for trying to serve in parliament or trying to vote. We must change that. #InternationalWomensDayGlobally, women are about half the population but hold only 23% of seats in national legislatures. It’s time to change that. #InternationalWomensDayWe’ve got work to do. In the United States, women make up more than half of the population, but just under 20% of the United States Congress and only about 25% of state legislatures. It’s past time we changed that.This #InternationalWomensDay we need to keep speaking up on behalf of every woman’s right to be heard and realize her power.This morning, I questioned security officials before the Senate Intelligence Community about the risks that come with this Administration’s over-reliance on interim security clearances. https://t.co/nNH8F3LbULIt’s clear this Administration has put a target on California’s back. The Department of Justice should be spending resources on real public safety issues, not political stunts. https://t.co/VgQTRA0YyvThis morning the Senate started the voting process on a bill that ignores the lessons of the financial crisis and deregulates big banks. I firmly oppose this bill. We can’t risk another disaster.Thank you to @Mayor_Steinberg and all the Mayors who spoke with me yesterday. https://t.co/7r4n0QrECxRecommended reading for those in need of inspiration. https://t.co/ODJ0p43YHuEvery single day we don’t act to protect Dreamers is a day our country is failing an important moral test. There’s a strong, bipartisan bill in the House of Representatives, the USA Act, which is co-sponsored by 27 Republicans, and could be voted on today. We must act.This Administration created a crisis by arbitrarily choosing today as the deadline to end the DACA Program, and they’ve sabotaged every effort by Congress to resolve it. Instead, it is using these young people as pawns to achieve an anti-immigrant agenda.When I think about @repjohnlewis, and all the folks who marched from Selma to Montgomery, I am always inspired by their resilience, by their strength, and by their fight for America to achieve her ideals. https://t.co/FA8cfWUaePTo any of us who feels daunted, or discouraged, or dispirited - if you need inspiration, I say: look to Selma.It's an honor to be part of this celebration and commemoration for those who marched at Selma 53 years ago. This movement has always been about fighting for the ideals of the country we love. https://t.co/5JLgZY2PgxA throwback in honor of the Charter Day of my beloved @HowardU. I remember my first day on the Yard like it was yesterday. https://t.co/RVJvjyNH8IDreamers who have received DACA in the past are still able to apply to renew their DACA status. If you are a Californian who needs help reapplying for DACA status, or if you have any questions, you can contact my office: (310) 231-4494.Racial inequality is real in this country. We need to speak that truth. Until we do, we will not be able to confront it honestly.
https://t.co/X9K94j9OovTo girls everywhere: whatever you choose to do, you must keep pushing to the front of the line. You’ve got to continue to raise your hand. Eat "no" for breakfast. When you see others in need, go out of your way to lift them up. Make history. #WomensHistoryMonthEarlier today I joined the @TJMShow for a conversation about Shirley Chisholm’s legacy. If you missed it this morning, you can listen here: https://t.co/CSsongskAlI met with a group of strong, courageous women today. Thank you to @Jordyn_Wieber, Jamie Dantzscher, and Jeanette Antolin for coming by my office. https://t.co/u0RiBOcJsh.@Blavity has a great roundup with more #DrawingWhileBlack art. Take a look -&gt; https://t.co/zhERmKYGzDThe pieces @ChrystinGarland creates are striking – and if you dig a little deeper and check out her website you’ll find this enchanting one. #DrawingWhileBlack https://t.co/jqgq0N8D0yJanet Taylor Pickett (@jtpjan) is a mixed media artist, and her creations are just stunning. #DrawingWhileBlack https://t.co/cH5F5vVjWyOver the weekend, Black artists from around the world were sharing their work using the hashtag #DrawingWhileBlack. I wanted to share pieces by a couple of California artists that jumped out at me.If you live in one of the affected areas, please put your safety first and heed these evacuation recommendations. https://t.co/vcu0RGYMmOI’ll be joining @TJMShow for a conversation this morning in just a few minutes. Listen live: https://t.co/nz1PfI47JtI’m cosponsoring a bicameral bill with @RepYvetteClarke to place a statue of Shirley Chisholm in our nation’s Capitol. #UnboughtandUnbossed https://t.co/QYePqMSLOKMy Democratic colleagues and I have a plan to save Net Neutrality, and we need just one more Republican vote for it to pass in the Senate. Today is the day make your voice heard, light up the phones, and help us get that vote. #SaveTheInternetAmericans are demanding action from Congress on gun violence. We must answer that call. Here’s where we start:
 
Make background checks universal &amp; ensure data is getting into the system
Ban military-style assault weapons
Ban bump stocks
Raise the minimum age to purchase riflesProud to be an ally of @LCVoters. American families' right to breathe clean air and drink clean water should come first. https://t.co/jJEALtjVJtFifty years from now, I hope Black women crowd into the Senators-only elevator, giving every American equal voice and equal representation. And, I hope that all of our nation’s leaders demonstrate the guts, grit, and grace that Shirley Chisholm taught us. https://t.co/QeYgdBrGSsThis means Dreamers who have received DACA in the past can still apply for renewal, but this is only a temporary reprieve. This doesn’t lessen the urgent need for Congressional action to provide a permanent path to citizenship for Dreamers. #DreamActNow https://t.co/brpEtEfNTrToday, the Supreme Court hears oral arguments on Janus vs. AFSCME. This case is an attack on workers' rights backed by wealthy corporations. #StandWithWorkersThis is progress. Whether someone stays in jail while waiting for trial should not be determined by the size of their bank account https://t.co/D4Fx3ShCsTProud that this sensible gun safety law I defended throughout my years as California's AG will stay in place. https://t.co/OFRG6VJ7UASeventy-six years ago today, fear, hate, and division led to the signing of Executive Order 9066 – the order for Japanese Internment. We cannot repeat these mistakes. #DayOfRemembranceListen to her. https://t.co/JgbDg8NXRESending warm wishes to everyone welcoming the Lunar New Year. May it be a happy and healthy one.Approximately 19,000 Dreamers have lost DACA status since Trump created this crisis. That’s 19,000 young people who must live in fear of deportation. After March 5, that number explodes – increasing by about 1,000 per day. Congress must act to protect them.We must protect California’s students and safeguard their access to education. If you live in California, are undocumented and seeking financial aid, visit the @castudentaid California Dream Act resource page to apply by the March 2 deadline. https://t.co/4KANom8a9UThis week, we celebrate a great American hero – Frederick Douglass. Born into slavery, he chose yesterday – February 14 – as his birthday. Two-hundred years later, we remember his conviction and struggle, and we recommit ourselves. There’s progress that’s yet to be made.This cannot be a political issue. We have to have smart gun safety laws - our babies are being slaughtered. https://t.co/Z62eK5LkhPAnother moment of silence won't suffice. This country is weary of tragedy. Congress must act to address gun violence.Finally, we arrived at June 23, 2016, when the United States Supreme Court said that those Prop 8 proponents had no standing. And, on June 28, 2013, I was back at San Francisco City Hall where I had the honor of performing the marriage of Ms. Kris Perry and Ms. Sandy Stier.In August of that year, the Supreme Court voided those marriages. But here’s the important thing – we were not deterred. We banded together, we marched in the streets, we lifted our voices and we took our case to court.I was so thrilled to be a part of that moment. I walked up the steps of City Hall and I performed marriages that Valentine’s Day.There were people of every age, of every color – joyous with the idea and with the knowledge that they could actually be recognized under law for the love that they have for each other.I remember looking around at City Hall and everywhere you looked there were families that were just full of joy. You could feel the energy.Two days before, the Mayor of San Francisco, Gavin Newsom, had begun issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples for the first time.